Date: 2023-11-25 05:12:49

Title: alone on a friday night. and D

(random ramblings; skip to next part for actual diary)
alone, in a good way sorta'. Cooked me some chicken dino nuggets, and my parents are out with my younger brother, while I'm here at home just watching this anime called Frieren: Beyond Journey. I do feel good being alone but when I decided to open the camera app and just point my phone at my face, instead of admiring the little bits of my facial structure that make me jump from a 1/10 to a 2/10, I just feel disgust looking at it. My acne ridden forehead, my crappy brows that form bits of a unibrow, my horrible nose, and an inflamated cheeks or face fat or so look. So after a while I just put the camera down knowing I'm miserable in that department.

I gave up my search for a better keyboard, since these black friday deals suck ass. Black Friday this year is horrible, and nothing seems to even be worth spending for. Last year If I remember I bought a new wire for my Glorious Model O mice, because slamming it (not so hard) would invert it, which ruined my games. Happened to my deathadder as well, which is why I got the mode o back in october 2021, and the same thing was happening to this mice, so I just realized that replacing the wire fixes it; however, it no longer has any skates, so I have to deal with using the mice with no skates, but it's okay since I don't notice any issues with it. I also bought my HyperX microphone last year, the deal was decent and If I remember the price was set at 30 or so bucks (maybe even cheaper), and lastly a display port, which I do not regret one bit, because my screen feels smooth. 

This year however sucks. I was thinking of getting the Akko v3 yellow cream switches, which would make my typing sound more creamy in a way and not annoying, since it's a con of using these blue switches of mine. I've had this keyboard for years now.. since 2019 in fact. I bought it for an insanely cheap price, and the fact it's still standing is beyond me, hell, this thing is standing really well, feels new even. The N key does require a lot more force to register, but it's become muscle memory to do that, which is why I do the same for other keyboards lol. This keyboard is a CK62 if i remember, brings back memories just unboxing this thing. I bought this way earlier than the deathadder, yet that thing lasted shorter than this fella. This guy has been with me for years and I'm quite proud of it. Now that I think about it, I might not exchange it for now, and I have gotten used and accustomed to loving these loud and clacky blue switches. 

Although despite being a year now, I am planning to buy new skates for my Model O mice, and I heard it makes it glide better, which is cool. Also I was planning to buy a new drawing tablet this year, and specifically the "One by Wacom Intuous" tablet; however, the price hasn't changed, and I doubt Cyber Monday will change the price that much or at all; thus, I'll just stay with drawing traditionally, but I do miss doing it digitally. I remember my first drawing tablet was the Huion 1070. It was cheap and I got it back in 2018. It felt uncomfy when I first got it, and even when I used it for years like in 2020 when I had to animate something for my project in 8th grade, it still did not feel great using it, but it was fun to use in skribbl.io if i remember, good times. I don't know where that thing is now, but yeah.

Let's see. Okay back to present time stuff, so four day break, nice. Friday, feels like sunday because usually two weekends and boom school, but hey it's a weekend tomorrow, nice. I get to sleep more. The anime I was watching was nice, stopped at episiode 4 and about to watch ep 5 later or never. Makes me feel nice about being short, since I feel like a cute short loli girl lol. Her lack of enthusiasm is relatable and is just nice. 

I also modified Ultrakill last night to have custom music in cyber grind, which made me feel like a God, and using OnTheSpot from github to download my entire spotify playlist and importing it to the mod was cool. It felt like snorting cocaine digitally, god does the game feel intense at times, and the zone you enter in is great.

What else do I say.. Oh yeah depressing stuff.. uhm.. thanksgiving was fine.. uhh.. gotta fix my acne. my nose sucksk. do i have a negative canthal tilt? canthal means the positioning of your eye, like there's positive (facing up; attractive), neutral (straight; normal), negative (frowned upon; ugly). And I was observing my eyes and it sorta looks like I have a neutral tilt, woulda wished for positives but i get what I get, and I sometimes feel that I have a negative tilt, and if I do, i'd list it as one of the reasons for killing myself, but not yet.

Nose sucks. Kinda ruins my face at times, been insecure regarding it for years, and would often hide it. The masks helped during covid but that didn't last long. Forhead is big cuz my hair sucks most of the time, and I like to do bangs when I feel like it, but it gets bad sometimes. acne is just there and I can't do anything about it, no matter how hard i clean my face. jawline is decent, could be better. it's fine. but not something to be grateful for, especially when I'm a short fucking manlet. God I'm short. But watching the anime did make me feel better since I feel like an innocent little cute fella. But that means having to go trans and have a more feminine look. dk about that. just not thinking about that right now. My mouth also looks bad, feels like it's heading outwards, which looks ugly imo. So I try to keep my lips minimal as much as possible, since giving a resting lip look makes me look weird. 

Been mewing for a year now (since april 2022), idk if it has helped in anything though. I squint subconsciously because my eyes suck but ppl aparently do that in looksmaxxing which is weird. I don't partake in that since I have a more defeatist mindset, but cool ig. 

(actual diary)
I realized I never approach girls. And when I do it's never to 'confess' to one of them. At times when I rarely do (once in a year; not even a joke) it's because I just feel like it, such as talking to one or needing something from them (not romantically, just feel like it like starting a conversation). However, I do have times when I do have feelings for someone and decide to strike up a conversation, but that happens in like what.. once in a blue moon. I tried it with [REDACTED], and initiated a first convo with her, however I underestimated her shyness and she just ended up looking away.. that made me feel like a creep and a weirdo. (this was my first time in doing so in years and it ended up a disaster), a coping mechanism of mine at the time was that it made me think that it was a great idea since it would make me stay within her thoughts, even if it 'scared' her. Thinking about it now, that just made me feel like a fucking weirdo and I hate it. Huge reason as to why I don't approach anyone anymore. I tried many times to talk to her, but she was too shy to talk and she did try to nod and all that during our last final project in may but at that point I was tired of her, and I just felt like talking to a sack of potatoes, and I don't mean that to disrespect her, but I just felt like an absolute creep, someone who was too pushy, so I just gave up. I was not meant for her and she deserved better. I know why.. Beacuse I am a creep, I'm fucking weird. I'm short, why the hell would a sane person like her think about being into me. God, I'm pathethic. Although I still do miss her sometimes.

In the same class, a girl whose name starts with D arrived in April or so, and she sat behind me and hearing her convo with the teacher and how she was unwell for months, talking to my english teacher about having to deal with an RTC because she was going thru something, and sharing more about herself to the teacher as i was listening in front of them. She's native and all that (can deduce that from her last name; which I guess she's navajo. cool) Their convo intrigued me, and it felt relatable sort of. When she spoke she had a high pitched voice, which was an interesting trait of hers ig. Most of the people around me disliked it, but I didn't mind, almost liked it even. What's even more interesting is since something sorta popped up in my mind that day, and remembered that my Ex-Girlfriend (G) recommended me to watch Beastars back in 2019, and I told her I did watch a glimpse of it since I still had Netflix and the OP was so good, and despite being an anime for furries, it looked stunning (it did, and she still wasn't my gf at the time in 2019, and only became so in 2022). Coincidentally after class 'D' approached me (first time getting approached by a girl lol) and asked me if I knew the show, in which I was surprised and said no (not admitting I watch furry shit). and she straight up told me she read the whole manga untranslated or something like that, which was cool as hell. We parted ways and yeah. 

So why am I talking about this.. well, I didn't have any feelings for her, but it's just an interesting thing that a girl would approach me out of nowhere, since that never happened before. Just cool ig, and it's rare to see someone who shares furry interests.

I did start to approach her regarding furry stuff though, like if she watched Lackadaisy, but she said she didn't internet connection which kinda surprised me but cool. After that we didn't really talk much. She did say happy birthday to me the day after my birthday, now this even'ts interesting. She looked kind of.. well, how do I describe this. She looked droozy? or high? and I'm not sure if that's the same day she kinda just felt asleep in class or so and was dragged out by her counselor which was something, and after that.. she was gone. Before that If I remember I wanted her to be in that Othello roleplay, and I was Lodovicho, and despite her not being there I delivered the lines well, and even the last line and concluding the story and I did great, everyone loved it, but it would've been cool if she was there. She did come back to school days later, but yea whatever.

When she was gone, I just accepted the fact she was gone for the year. So I just finished that crappy Othello video project in Kleki, got the trophy alongside my classmate and even [REDACTED] the shy girl who I had a crush on was my teammate. Oh forgot, when we were working on it, she had a Hat in Time pfp at the time, and I commented on it, and she recommended the game's ost for music to be used on the project lol. yeah not expanding on that. As much as I want to talk about [REDACTED] i completely give up on her. 

So more about D.. well. I started seeing her more again recently.. In March or so, or early April when she came back to school, I was depressed and forced to arrive to school at 6 in the morning, early as hell, but she was early as well. I'd see her walking to somewhere while I made my way to the viking center. We were the only ones in school, interesting. I'd go to the Viking Center and just sleep there for an hour or two or just listen to music. Did that for months until the last day of school. 

I've always belonged in the Viking Center, it was my place and upon the start of this new school year I wanted to stay there again, but I started to notice her heading there all the time. She was back. D was back. We would glance at each other sometimes and look away. I don't have feelings for her, but she's too interesting of an individual to ignore. I'd still put [REDACTED] as the most interesting person so far, but D's also an interesting person. Like why did she leave near the end of the school year, and now she's back. Afternoons I'd see her and we'd look at each other, and look away again. Happened constantly. Again, not interested but just captivating of a fact.

I started sitting in the Viking Center for lunch since my spot for Lunch sucked, and it was a good idea imo. But she was there too. She's probably there for her 5th period class, but I'd sometimes see her there for 4th period lunch. When I made the Art Club and new chapter diary, when Gavin and I went to the Art Room, I noticed she was there too, no idea if she's Art 3-4 or 5-6 or even 7 or stuff. She was intstructing the whole class to fix their stuff, which was surprising, she was usually quiet in classes and that was new.

I did compliment her art one time last year. I showed her art and she said thanks, nothing came out of it, hell I almost became too pushy to her as well last year. Asking what program she uses and she would answer Ibis Paint X, but it felt that she wasn't interested in making any conversations with me during that moment, so I just stopped.

And this new school year was not gonna be any different. I didn't wanna repeat the same things I did for [REDACTED]. I became too pushy and weird, creepy almost. So, I shouldn't bother D this time, just leave her alone and give her peace. She probably went hell in that RTC thing so just let her have a peaceful year without a creep initiating convos with her. 

We were forced to sit in the same table sometimes, but I promised to myself that I would never disturb her, and just let her do her own thing without feeling harrased. Stop making creepy glances at her like months ago. I'm sure it's working. I saw her dog painting in the art gallery the other day, that looked call, must mean she's doing a lot better. :)

She's still in the viking center for her class, so I just do my own thing and mess with the computer while she does her own work. Those conversations were a thing of the past. Just let people do their own thing and don't disturb them I promised myself.

I do try my best to stay away from her so she won't be disturbed. Stop looking at her. Stop being a creep. Stop being a weirdo. I'm not interested in her romantically, and I just want to make people feel safe. I'm a fucking creep.

I even stopped attending art club because I might've been making her uncomfortable. Never approached her ever since, and just let them feel peace.

If she still feels weirded out in any way. Then.. I'll just kill myself.



