Date: 2023-10-17 03:40:10

Title: Art Club and New Classes

Dropped Honors Physics which I had an A in (95%), and the stuff in the class was pretty easy for me, just a lot of graphs. I switched it for Arts 3-4 for my 3rd period, and switched my 6th period to Personal Development class which is an online class. My counselor was pretty confused with my decision, since I'm your AP kid with a great GPA, and seeing a kid like me do these is weird to him, but i assured him that honors physics isn't required for my major, and this drop in a class won't affect my transcript, besides I'm going for a community college, not an actual university, only when I finish my 2 years of comm. college will I switch and transfer to a university where i actually have to start paying 10 grand per year for 2 semesters.

Anyways, Arts 3-4 was interesting, and Gavin told me his ideas for this Pokemon game, and without prior knowledge to game development or coding, he only has ideas of the characters as of now, which is understandable, and i have no idea if he'll still remember the characters he was talking about earlier, but I do. There's Judgy, Hollow Knight kid, and Jeem, these are just placeholder names, and as of now we're still quite unsure on the rest, so for now I'll just try to catch up on my Arts 3-4 stuff after coming from Arts 1-2. 

Coming to the art room with every table gone and switching to the other classroom was definitely a pretty cool expereince. As Gavin said it, it was like starting from a clean new slate, which I have to agree on. We also helped Ms. L with the moving stuff. Other than that, nothing new. After ELA 7-8, I just went to the viking center for lunch, oh yeah i forgot to mention that I got sent to the counselors office to receive my new schedule in paper form during AP Gov, and I just had to show my new teachers it. Showed Ms. L, then during lunch I showed the viking center guy the paper as well, and greeted me and how things work, but I'm sure I didn't need that much of an introduction on basic canvas things. It was still 6th period, so during lunch I had to the option to literally go to Alec to play minecraft with him lol since Mr. C wasn't there, but I just felt like staying and watching Shrek while I ate my mcdonald's hamburger. 

Waited till' 5th period was over and 6th period commenced, and the 5th period people left and the 6th period people came and i started doing actual work, like introducing myself and such. The questions were basic, but I'm weird so I give sophisticated and detailed answers, which also surprised my new teacher in her comment in canvas. Placed my picture there and done.

Then after that just one classroom away, was my AP Computer Science class, and just went there, and we had to do a minecraft css stuff, but i just got a picture on the internet and submitted it, and continuted to do the Personal Development work during my apcs class. After that I headed to Art Club, and I didn't know some interesting people were there.

The guy who talks to me in AP CS was there, the guy who used to talk to me in Alg 2 and still does in ELA 7-8 was there and his art was getting better and better everyday, and some other people I recognized, and some who were complete weebs, but expect that in an Art Club I guess. I did work and helped sorta, even though if it was pretty small. I made a spider lol, and it looked ass but hey ms L. said it was cool.. she's pretty good at convincing kids at telling them they're good at something they're not.

I was putting tape on top of the spider thingy, and cutting tape when this gay? guy whom I just started a conversation with.. actually no i just reached the thing he dropped, and he didn't even thank me, just said.. geez i couldve done that myself.. well, thanks i guess.. and i asked if spiders had 8 legs (ofc i know i just wanted to start a convo) and he was pretty rude.. so whatever. just not used to that sorta person since I'm usually shy but i didn't really care.. the others were kind though, like the girls who helped gave me black paint to paint over the tape to keep my spider fella's legs together.

Edd from my APCS class who was also there asked for my phone since he needed to call his parents when he was getting picked up, and even left a selfie of himself.. 
Asked this guy who talks to me during ELA and back then ALg 2 class who was good at drawing to draw a youtube thumbnail for me, he was sorta interested, but he speaks sorta mumbled words so i cant understand him that well.

Let's see.. what else. Someone kept staring at me.. I won't say who though.. but it's her. We haven't really talked since last school year.. since you left. so, hey. i guess.

