Date: 2023-07-04 07:21:38

Title: Comfort. and Past Diaries

They whisper softly in your year that they'll always love you. They'll always be there. Their dainty little hands run through your hair, your skin. You wonder to yourself how long can such ecstasy last. Her warmth makes you feel like you can take on anything, you know, whatever the world throws at you, however cold it gets. She'll always be there, ready to warm you with her slender little frame and her angelic hair.

past diaries: 
(07-03-23)
Post 8 am to 10 am. Had dream about a date with her.. (G)

She was so sweet, she acted the way she is in real life. She showed me a character and I had to guess which character it was from.. from what i remember my last guess was Kirby, and she laughed, and both of us seemed to be very comfortable. When we sat, she put her head on my shoulders, and I put mine next to her head. It felt.. great.. I don't exactly know where we were, but it did feel like Expo. 

My mind was probably reminiscing that first date we had at Expo. 

.. I'm starting to think I really fucked up.

(you definitely did)

(written july 3 2023)

Another diary:
(4/9/23)
Title: I love you <3
Content:
I can't stop thinking about you. I just want to talk to you, hell, for at least once. Please, just give me one word, I just want to be with you; hell, can we please be together. I've been so sick these past months, and I haven't been feeling myself. I just want to feel genuine happiness again. Please, be happy with me

Please, 
Neo

(reading this diary i wrote back in april.. heh.. yeah too fucking bad neo.. too fucking bad.. she never said a single word.. not even once buddy.. hope this helps fuel your urge to killyourself even more bud)

Another Diary:
(4/10/23)

title: Let's be happy together
Content: We can fullfill our dreams together as a couple, and we can fight through the many obstacles that life pushes towards us. Our journey towards the unknown will be tough, but with out combined strength, we can persevere and hold on.

Let's do it,
Neo

(again .. reading this.. man i feel so bad for my past self.. what an absolute retard..heh)

Other diaries:

(12/27/22) Youtube Ideas: pokemon gameplay, minecraft commentary, math tutorials??
(4/1/22) roblox game idea: csgo crate simulator
(1/23/22) video idea: how much money does gru make: what to do: check reddit, the material the movie was made
(1/2/22) minecraft tycoon: once you claim a pad, a tree spawns and you break it. Just like minecraft. Make a crafting and placing blocks mechanic.

(cool diaries tbh)

