Date: 2023-10-11 05:18:01

Title: Completed Pantheon V.. and my Youtube Career

After 3 months of grinding Hollow Knight. I didn't want it to get this long, since some of my viewers might get mad. So be it. I felt a short moment of euphoria once I realized I just beat Absolute Radiance on Pantheon V, it was so fucking good. Didn't last that long though, felt like nothing right after, since I realized I spent three months trying to perfect so much and finally it's over, but what now?

I edited a trailer so I'll probably edit the video starting tomorrow or within the week if i'm not lazy.

Played TF2 to celebrate sorta, even tried CS2, im still trash as ever. I just don't know how the structure of the Pantheon V will be. It'll be so much recordings I have to edit, starting from July 7 or somewhere that date until now (October 11). The amount of streams and videos I have to sort through, gosh.. this will be a lot of work, and i want this to be special, so i should probably try to make a blueprint on how the video will be structured, whether to make it serious.. actually i sorta should then add some little jokes here and there. I'll probably make it more inspiring. 

So at the start of the video, i remember an idea that popped up in my mind since july was the fact that i should make something similar to technoblade's skyblock video intro, where he makes an inspiring speech about skyblock, and i can sorta see his similarity with videogamedunkey's writing in his videos. I especially like his La La Land video, where at the end of the video his message was so cool accompanied with the music, now that i think about it, what music should i use? hmm..

anyways. for now, ill celebrate and rest, it's been an exhausting three months. i can finally start to leave this game now and start to actually play games i bought back in june.. i should probably try out UltraKill, since i like the aesthetic and im pretty used with games such as Doom Eternal, and my friend (lets call J) said that it's similar to Doom Eternal (i do feel that); i did do a stream back in july and i kinda sucked at it, so ill probably try it again and get the feel on how the game works, i probably have picked the difficulty a little too high, so ill lower it, idk if it might get too easy or just right, but they did say for an experienced player, the difficulty i picked was just right, so idk..

It'll be Thursday now. Gosh. So October 11 2023 marks the day I finished one of the hardest achievements or if not THE hardest in the game. Feel proud to be honest, i wasnt earlier but now that i think about it, all that grinding and hardwork is finally over. I finally did it. It was definitely a long journey, but now it's time to edit that video to completely seal it off, i hope my viewers enjoy it, hopefully it'll be good enough to at least break my viewership record and reach like 5k or even if possible 10k.. gosh.. imagine.

I don't really know how to head my channel to a more well known direction, since it's been stuck here like this since forever, but if i try hard enough for this last pantheon video, it might do well to at least make a dent on my channel. the NKG video (nightmare king grimm) did help and get me like 30 subs, and that's fine, but i've been wanting to get a thousand since well forever. I actually expected to get a thousand back in 2016. it's been more than half a decade now and i haven't gotten to that point yet, so for now i'll think..

I'm also thinking whether to make the channel Hollow Knight exclusive, because.. idk, if it gets popular enough, i can probably risk it and start doing more serious and documentary style videos like Pyro's (i love his videos, esp his newest one; myhouse.wad). I just need more experience, so ill probably stick to hk for now, but then what should i do next after the pantheon 5 video?? .. hmm.. yeah no idea.. silly challenges aren't my style, since i like to play these hk videos a little bit more seriously and have a sense of lore into them, so ill see.. maybe steel soul? yeah no idea..

also i probably felt underwhelmed because i accidentally skipped the cutscene, which sucks, completely ruined the moment.. but whatever, i got the video and that's good enough. still feels unreal that i finally beat it, i was expecting to beat it a little later, hell probably even after this week or month but nope, i guess i was already ready all along without noticing. 

After I do edit that video, i'll make a decision.. this one's integral, if it does well and explodes and sorta "makes" my channel, ill double down and start focusing on the HK vids.. if it doesn't.. uhm.. sadly.. then i guess.. really i dont know.. expect a plan b all the time i guess, then ill go for more hobbies then such as drawing and probably even try to animate again then.. but lessens the focus on my channel, and this plan will probably just resort to me leaving my channel in the dust to pretty much rot, but again if it does succeed and does finally change my channel and get some or even a lot of views, it'll definitely completely change the direciton of my life, in a sense that i have a clearer path to delve into, and ill finally start grinding youtube seriously and hopefully it'll be sustainable and fun..

of course, i thought of things like that since.. forever, 2016, 2017, 2018.. sorta even gave up at 2019 but tried again A LOT in 2020, so much plans, even more in first half of 2021, i'd say my peak, but gave up mid way thru and it's been like that ever since only until early 2023, and again now. id say this year is now my peak youtube sorta excitement? or eagerness to continue this channel. i have no idea if it'll go from nothing to at least something.. yeah im lost.. and i do wish this sorta works.. im really depending on the algorithm to help me out whiel i do the hard work of making the video goood. wish me luck, and i hope you do it future me.. i hope you do it.. make them proud. make me proud.. make us proud..

