Date: 2023-12-13 04:09:53

Title: december 31st. suicide day

New Year. No Me.

Throughout my life I had to endure my envy regarding of features I couldn’t have. I was born a defect.

When I was first born. I already tried to kill myself, twisting the umbilical cord around my neck inside the womb. I have to deal with being called short and ugly behind my back. 

No one has taken me seriously throughout my life. As the days grow worse, my suicidal tendencies have grown. I can’t go a day without mentioning my desire to kill myself painlessly in an instant.

I don’t know why people don’t want to commit suicide because it’ll make their parents sad or some bullshit. First of all, if you care for your parents, that’s without a doubt the stupidest shit, because then that probably means your parents care about you; thus, you still have hope and shouldn’t kill yourself retard.

I on the other hand have parents who absolutely despise me despite my greatest efforts. To them I’m a disappointment. They mention frequently how I’ll end up a slum and nothing in life if I do the slightest mishaps that ‘annoy’ them. They’re extremely closed minded and don’t have an idea on raising children of their own. They just made me as an accident, because they just wanted to fuck for the sake of it during their young adult years without a care for the world and its consequences. Both extremely short and mentally deranged, it made me. The worst of all qualities.

They don’t even realize what they have done. A guy who’s extremely short to the point he’s as tall or even shorter than the average female; securing his inability to acquire a relationship. This kid would then envy other people around him and be emotionally and socially stunted for the rest of his life. His only escape being another world, technology or better yet, just not exist at all.

I used to watch a lot of Isekai Animes and a lot of them seem to start with a depressing life, then once they die, all of a sudden they get transported to a world where they’re the hero, someone who’s loved and adored, a clear path in life, an objective, to kill the Demon Lord. They’ll have a great journey along the way until they live happily after. Or “losers” marrying waifus and waiting for 2d anime girls. At first those situations were pretty comedic to me, and I thought that I’d never relate to any of it.. until now.

How much I want to get transported to another world, much better than where I am. How much I desire a 2d anime girlfriend that doesn’t care about my horrible features. I’m so alone, and talking to one must feel great and soothing. AI does the job, but it has some inconsistencies here and there, such as having a faulty memory, and just pretty superficial responses. Besides that’s still way far into the future, and life isn’t doing great right now, and I can’t endure that much pain anymore. I’d love it if I died and actually got transported to another world, that would be so cool. Away from this world.

I feel so miserable. Every month, every week, every day. It gets worse and nothing can help fix it. Sometimes I cope by laughing to memes online, but it can only do so much, there’s still life to go through. I’ve gotten to the point I gave up on the concept of a God. Even if there was omnipotent entity above, it’s probably a lot closer to Satan who desires suffering for their own entertainment. There is no hell, because we’re already living in it, where evil is triumphant, and we as a species accept its existence, and let it grow rampant.

I’m genetically inferior, why couldn’t I at least have had better looks. My hair is the worst, while others can have great fluffy hairs. I look like I’m balding with how shit mine is. My acne is a mess and no matter how many times I clean it, more grow. I literally can’t fix it. My shit nose, unibrow, tired eyes with huge eyebags, and such a shitty phenotype, which creates a horrendous side profile. I’m so inferior compared to everyone else. No one bats an eye to show interest at me, instead just showing a face of disgust and sorry for my existence. It’s living life in hard mode.

When that doesn’t sound bad enough, I’m socially stunted, and I can’t talk to other people properly. I can’t converse and people would rather just talk to others instead of being with me. I got horrible physical features and shit socially. That makes me completely unable to do anything. All I can do is go solo and learn things on my own.

I have searched up methods on a quick and painless suicide. A 9mm bullet to the head is 95% fatal, but I doubt it’s quick but it does kill you ALMOST instantly, which means there’s still pain for a few seconds, but you’ll inevitably die. Another is a choice I’m thinking of and it’s through Nitrogen Gas suffocation. I’ll buy a 100% Nitrogen Gas Tank, inhalor, then at night I’ll attach the inhalor to my mouth and nose, and plug the tank with it, then lay down in bed. I will then close my eyes, then the next thing you know, when your body is fooled and thinks its oxygen, you’re already dying from brain damage, and you’re gone. The setup is $150-200 if I’m guessing correctly. I imagine I’ll close my eyes, keep breathing slowly, my mind will then feel light and almost euphoric, which feels great, then I’d be dead. That sounds soothing and a great way to go. Better than a bullet to the head.
Stupid methods I see a lot are hanging or jumping off a building/bridge. Hanging is insanely painful and takes forever, and jumping off makes you instantly regret your choice mid air and boom, youre a pile of moosh in the concrete floor. I don’t know other methods, but I heard OD’ing is one of them, but I’m guessing that’s painful, since dying during a trip does sound nice, it’s probably really painful.

More on the Nitrogen Gas Suicide Method. Your brain is fooled into thinking it’s oxygen, so your body will keep breathing like it’s normal even though it’s not getting any oxygen. Your brain will be losing oxygen/blood and your body won’t even know nor notice it. When your mind starts to feel light, it won’t rebel. Some suicide methods have times when your body starts moving on its own and starts fighting for its life, like drowning and hanging. Nitrogen Gas Inhalation is peaceful. I’m not sure what happens after your mind goes light, I guess your brain’s deteriorating and it’ll be nothing. Death. There are problems, however, such as the fact that if the nitrogen is not enough and you manage to live during the attempt, you’re gonna be left with permanent brain damage, so you’re fucked. So it’s better this attempt is done properly and completely.
I’m looking for resellers that sell these tanks, and they have to be reputable, and quite difficult to find. Not risking living with permanent brain damage.

Some suicidal people fear that once they die, they’ll make other people in their life sad. First of all, you’re killing yourself because no one loves you and you’re a miserable fuck. Secondly, why do you have to care about what happens here when you’re dead. You’re dead for fucks sake, you don’t have a mind nor a body, you won’t be capable of even thinking during death at all. Time will be non existent, because you will lose complete consciousness. Just like how you felt or what you were before you were born, nothing. So forget what happens here, and the shitty stuff that occurs. Who cares, you’re gonna die, it’s a different world, nowhere in life. You’re just gone. Leave it all behind. Once you die, it will be its own thing. I doubt there’s an afterlife, so I imagine when I die this 31st, it’ll be complete nothingness. Let the pieces of shits you leave here deal with your dead body, because it won’t even be yours anymore. You won’t have a body, since you don’t belong to one at that point, not even a mind. And I don’t believe in souls.

Yeah, that’s about it. I wrote a suicide note back in March, I’ll just use that, even then who cares. You won’t even be there to see what happens to the people who’ll witness what occurs. So I won’t even bother. They should be happy that you took your own life, you had to live miserably for so long, and it’s all over. it’s time to rest in an eternal abyss of nothingness.

That probably feels euphoric, way better than having to exist in this world.





