Date: 2023-06-10 02:17:28

Title: I’m A Creep. No Seriously

No this isn’t a Radiohead song. Living for 17 years as a guy, going through the process of puberty and now in the midst of its after effects. Everyone has finished their growth spurt, acquired a deeper voice, ass hair (lmao), but one thing that I absolutely despise about this process that everyone has to go through is an individual's sexual desires. Let me Explain.

Growing up, I never felt uncomfortable being friends with girls, since I shared interests in things or a specific media that taylor more torwards the girls audience. I'm not saying I was never sexual when I was young since I have encountered sexual material at a young age, and it's inevitable to encounter such things, especially with the growing size of the internet, it's getting easier for younger individuals to be exposed to such things at a young age, even younger than the previous generation. 

I never felt uncomfortable socializing with other girls when I was 8 or 9, but when 5th grade rolled around, the girls in my class started to go through puberty, more early than us guys. Social dynamics started to change, and as I grew up our social circles started to segregate between two sexes, some can be outliers, since some are homosexuals and such, and I can't judge that. It's just that we were still very young and we didn't know what the future held at that time, and a bunch of us were very curious. At 6th grade, our entire class were already deep into sexual matters, and even knew a bunch of sexual positions and such at an early age, some of us even started to discover more about our bodies by.. well.. masturbating. Sadly, I can't say I was any different and started to do so thanks to my curious  mind at this age.

By this age, I started to see my classmates in a different light, and that old feeling of just being friends like usual started to diminish. I started acquiring sexual thoughts about them, and even started to judge them by their breast sizes, which typing out now disgusts me. This was not the right age or enough experience to expose someone this young to this specific matter. I even had instances of me just thinking of completely immoral and disgusting thoughts regarding others.

Before 7th grade, I even did a thing which I can't even utter in this diary and still haunts me to this day. By 7th grade it wasn't any better and I was an absolute creep. It kept going until 10th grade, Sophomore year of High School. Let's just say my sexual libido has lessened halfway into freshman year, and I was getting better socially by this age. Things were "better". I still couldn't talk to other girls my age, because of that underlying thought, but it started to get a "little better"; however, I had a Group Chat with my "friends", and I was the leader of the GC, and the messages we shared with each other were.. disgusting.

I didn't mean any of the things I said at the time, but the materials we were sharing was too disgusting too be passed off as just "jokes". Outside of the GC, I was seen as an innocent kid at school, noone batted an eye or felt that I was a creep or a weirdo. I was just this short cute little fella'. But the GC was contrary to my real life personality. I was an absolute monster. Me and my "friends" would photoshop pictures of our teachers or even classmates in class with cum on their faces and make fun of their physical appearances, making sexual "jokes" and such. 

Overtime, it grew worse. But I will say this, I really didn't actually mean any of what I said, at that time we were just into sharing extremely morbid "jokes", but we didn't know the outcome or after effects of what we have done.

November 8. 2021. 
On this day. I got called by my teacher to go down to the Office. I didn't know why, and this was out of place, but prior to this, things were going well, this was after a temporary quarantine class, where covid cases spiked up but we're now back to face to face classes. Prior to this, I completed the project we have done, and many applauded my video work, since they loved it. It was their peak perception of me. That cute short little fella is reponsible for making an amazing video! I'm sure nothing will go wrong.

Oh boy. It all went crumbling down. The moment I opened the door, I sat down happily, and I thought at first they were gonna ask about some videos I'll edit for them, since I have gained the reputation of making well done videos. 
The first question they asked me..

What's your definition of Respect...

Silence.

I didn't know what they were talking about. Nothing. 
I answered the actual definition of respect, I guess they just wanted what it meant at that time. I was oblivious.

After a few exchanges, they showed the messages of the group chat, in paper copy, each and one of them. My messages, my friend's messages. 

I felt the world crumbling piece by piece. My mind was prepared to shout its loudest scream yet. My mind went from a calm and peaceful morning to the most stressful day of my entire life. 

The details don't really matter. What matters is the fact that this news spread like wildire, and those people who we made fun of in the GC, were informed by the teachers who was given information regarding our private activities (a decision i'm mixed about) and everybody hated my guts. 

I saw the impact and damage of what we have done. The girls saw me as a literal creep. They saw the "real" me. They were scared to be even in the same class as me. Not only that but the teachers we affected. I knew to myself that I didn't mean any of it, but did that really matter now. This completely destroyed my reputation, but what mattered the most to me at the time was how fucked the girls we affected would've been.

I grew depressed during November, and even wanted to swtich schools to get out of this fiasco, but it meant I had to move to an overall worse school, so I just stayed. That was a good decision, since overtime I found ways to improve my relationship with these girls and the teachers I affected. They slowly forgave me, and desipte the fact that the damage was done, they started to integrate me back to their classes again. I was their "friend" again, and I made even better videos for them, which they enjoyed a lot. It soon turned to the best school year I've ever had. Dancing with my friend then soon to be girlfriend during prom at the time, then even dating for the first time (which was a total failure but I'll accept it). Then that was it.

But that wasn't it for me. Not at all. That was the gist of all that. To others it was a matter of public reputation, and the comeback I did, and my resurgance. For me, it was the impact, the effect of what I have done.

I didn't fully explain what we were talking about in the GC, but we made "jokes" about rape, and sexualizing our classmates. People, students like us, with their own unique lives. We tore them down to the worst ways possible, we simplified them to their sexual figures and shapes. We didn't mean any of it, well I hope they didn't because I didn't, but these were still INSANELY hurtful messages. These were horrible. Imagine realizing a group of people whom you thoguht to be a simple friend group were photoshopping you into these hurtful scenarios and such. Imagine the impact and damage you have to deal with after.

Thanks to my actions some of them also grew depressed at that time. Some leaned for boyfriends and such to make themselves happy to fight that situation. However, this one strikes me the most, because it was because of this scenario that one of these girls were so sad that they got the wrong boyfriend. They picked the wrong choice, and while our relationships were starting to heal during prom, one of them with their boyfriends got drunk and got raped that prom night at the restroom. 

That thought horrifies me. Yes at that time, it was good.. (sure), things were healing for us, the teachers forgave us and things were getting better, but her getting raped (let's call her K) can all be traced back because of me. Because of me, she leaned towards someone she shouldn't have. She grew too sad and depended on the wrong man. 

We made the jokes about rape and changed and got better, while other men took advantage of her and actually did the deed/action. It's because of me. She was raped because of me. Imagine sitting in her position, having to endure such a traumatic event, and to think about that for the rest of your life.

I have stopped my thoughts of sexualizing other people, and believe that women deserve more rights than us filthy men, and that's because of the impact I've seen and the side effects of our actions towards our victims.

I'll continue in part 2, where I'll talk about the unfairness of society that women have to face.



