Date: 2023-11-18 09:01:19

Title: meaningless.

Mood swings. Non-permanent emotions. Today I'll be happy, tomorrow I'll be sad. Hopeful for tomorrow, and when the day comes, I'm struck with sudden negativity that'll affect my whole day. 

One day I'll be at the top of everything, almost godlike, meanwhile in more lucid moments, I realize the reality of everything, the only thing that drives me is my optimism in a world of nihilism, where everything is filled with dread and suffering, wars being waged for ideologies that are supposed to aid civilians and people of that nation, but instead it's contrary to its purpose and instead becomes the cause of initiated fights.

Recently I've been taking more risks, fewer precautions for my life. Walking alone at night with my bag to attract those who are willing to rob me. Recently I suffered from another panic attack, this time it was so bad I almost passed out. I got pale and started to lose my breath, and she still wouldn't care even if I was dying. So I laid down, and even when my ears were ringing, she still went away and demeaned me. 

I've lost overall faith for my dad a long time ago, I know he doesn't care about me in the tiniest bit. But I still had hopes and clinged unto the fact that my mom still probably supported me even when I'm mentally struggling, but I'm wrong. When I noticed that she's no different from him, I realized I was truly alone, no one else to support me for who I am, and this world is meaningless. At that moment when I knew that I was living for no one, if none of my parents actually wanted to support or help me, and especially a person who I formerly thought still clung unto aiding me--my mom--just to realize that she also doesn't care, I felt at that very moment my heart dropped and every purpose that I had at that moment was for nothing. 

They weren't lying when they said the only person who will help you in life is yourself; however, even I myself don't want to support.. me.

I was only living for them, but when I realized they don't even care. Then why bother. As I grow older the grudges I hold on people grow more persistent, not forgetting traumas enacted upon me when I was young.

They were my meaning of life, the reasons I was living, and slowly bit by bit as I grew older, that meaning started to dissipate, and at this very moment, it ceases to exist.

Life is like a flame, and I'm slowly burning from it, and the only way to end all of this misery is by jumping out of this burning building, assuring my quick demise as my body splatters to the ground, better than slowly melting away to the crisps of my very own self-made hell.

If life ever gets so bad, I do have a choice. There's a Glock with 9mm bullets here. Sources say a shot straight to the head is 90% fatal. Quick and Insant. However if that 10% chance ever happens.. then. I hope whoever finds me bleeding in the floor finishes what I started.




(DIARY //random ramblings; skip)
 [ Although a part of me now has realized if I'm not living for anyone, then I'll just live to make the 'best' out of life. At first it might be optimistic nihilism; however, in reality it's just basic nihilism. I just want to 'learn' more about things and start taking my calculus class more seriously just for the sake of doing so. I'm not even trying to get good at class for myself but instead just to appease my teachers, i don't know why. 

I studied so hard for that test, yet I failed. Retook and studied harder, still got a 71. everyone else got a 50 and all that but i don't care what others got, but that score still leaves a horrible taste. It's not even hard. Just derive, find zero, then derive again and find zero. it's so damn easy, yet somehow we did so bad on it. 

I started submitting my homework for that class again, thank god he accepts late work and gives full credit, these past few weeks were hell to deal with, so I need that. 

Been pretending to be more happy towards my arts teacher so she doesn't have to worry, since she was last week, so that might help.

I'm also thinking of making a new instagram account again, since I do sorta wanna fit in, just.. sorta. I wanna edit some ultrakill gameplay and all that, or make memes idc.

what else.. uhh.. yeah grades not looking good. everyone's grades in ap calc ab is not doing good, we're all C's.. got an 84 in ap gov hopefully it can stay as a B.

also in ap cs today, edd kept telling me to speak to skye, he keeps telling me to. every time. when i talk anything remotely related to relationships to him, he just says 'speak to skye'. no. no i wont edd. trust me.. i shouldn't. talking to her would be hell and you know it.] --end of diary.



 



