Date: 2023-12-29 11:47:00

Title: psyop and glowies

what the fuck is that you ask. well.. I’m typing this at 4:47 in the morning and I haven’t slept and that’s because I spent all night.. well technically midnight grinding pokemon but other than that, people.. or should i say dumbasses are falling for women who are “relatable” on the internet again. Now what the fuck am I saying? Well. there’s TikTok videos of ‘hot’ (i dont see them that way) e-girls, yk your generic whatever blue/green eyes freckles whatever egirl in military uniform just casually holding guns and shit looking cool to convince young boys to.. hey! join the United States Military! it’s not just old brute men and the overhated LGBT ads on military commercials! theres also egirls! yk those attractive individuals you see from your instagrams and your tiktaks! yeah those! and a mix of teenage male hormones,, you should definitely join the military because theres egirls!! yeahhh!!! 

fuck off psyop, glowie. I’m referring to a new video of a girl acting “like us” yk cuz women dont usually know what the hell the baltics even are but we do because were nerds and geeks who spend too much time on hearts of iron 4. In the tiktok vid she talks about the baltic war!! WOW quirkyy!! and le voices in the heAd!! WOW SO UNIQUE AND RELETAVLE (join military, join military) trench warfare and act cutsie wutsie, uwu uwu. Then.. boom millions of sex depraved men rush to the bootcamps and start signing their lives away for the military just because an egirl told them to.

If you do a little research on her, you can find that her linkedin title literally states that she’s a “Psychological Operations Specialist for the United States Military”; thus, she is used to fool and play on the psyche of her targets or whatever her superiors want her to do. And due to her looks, she uses young and sex depraved men who see her as the glimmer of hope in their terrible and lonely lives just to then diminish away once they get shot in a meaningless war in the middle east.

“wanted for war crimes”, “voices in the head. wa wa wa yea fuck off glowie, youre using your looks that everyone envies to take advantage of vulnerable men to die. 

the higher ups are aware of this and they dont care.. well they do, and theyre aware of it, so theyll use it to choke on the remaining energy of lonely suicidal terminally online losers and it’s disgusting.

（−＿−；）おおおおつ

