Date: 2023-11-22 03:18:18

Title: Unbearable Pain.

Unbearable. Unbearable. The pain won't go away, and it'll stay and persist. Each month the urge to 'do it' is growing. Everyday feels so soul crushing, and it's like the moment you finally find a place or time to finally fix yourself and start 'improving', it all comes back tumbling down, and whatever universal circumstances will just fuck with you because they feel like it, they want to see you fail, and most importantly they want to see you suffer. To the forces above, your life is their entertainment, and they have watched many, the whole population of earth and the others that preceded before us. Our lives are a show, a comedy, and most of the time, a tragedy.

I'm clearly trying to find a better route for myself, and despite how tough it is, I respect it, because that's life; however, when everything around you tries to just push your Jenga pieces and destroy all of it in one flick, why bother. People have tried hard throughout history, but their efforts have always ended up in vain. So what's the point. Optimism, how.. in a world that we live in that feels and looks so grim. 

Tears that fall will just disappear without a trace after a few minutes--most of the time even seconds--and they're supposed to represent our feelings, what we bottle up. Tears aren't enough to spill what I feel, and at this point, not even sleep. It's that kind of pain that sleep can't fix. Bottling up emotions has become a norm for everyone, and especially when you have two retarded parents who have npd and will take full advantage of you. They're not self aware, they just want you for their own benefit. The moment I go home I always have to worry about somehow accidentally pissing one of them off and completely ruining the entire day, and putting my mental state back to square 1. It's a loop and despite how optimistic I was for the past 9 years and expecting something to change, it never did. Everyday just shows that none of my dire situation is improving. Even with the accomplishments you complete, one mishap even if it doesn't even fucking matter compared to the grand scheme of our relationship, they'll use that to just destroy your mental well-being, call you a fucking accident and leave you and think they're the right ones, because hey.. Even if you have two mentally fucked up individuals in a society, somehow they're still allowed to raise a child, I wonder how that child will turn out to be.

You know if I ever do manage to not kill myself before I get to my twenties or so, I'd love to get myself a lawyer, and with the income I've earned, try to erase my past completely, removal of my last name, a reset of my history, complete separation from the pieces of shits that biologically formed me. 

Sadly I doubt that'll ever happen, and despite the abundant amount of ways I know how to kill myself efficiently, the Glock with a 9mm is still instant, so that might be my go to instead of trying to find myself a 100% nitrogen gas tank. It's painless and feels euphoric, but regardless the outcome will be the same. 

Having friends won't do shit to my mental health, and I doubt being in a relationship with someone will be any better, well not that I've experienced so, but why the hell would I bother when that field alone is depression inducing and will likely make me want to instead kill myself in the most painful way possible.

That makes me think of it, not only do my biological parents have the audacity to be complete pieces of shits, they somehow give me the worst genetics in human existence, making me the shortest guy since kindergarten. While others experienced massive growth spurts, even when they were my height during 8th grade, I barely grew compared to them. That alone sucks, and when the dating market frowns upon short guys, then it's already over before it even started.

I'm already given an ugly as fuck face, yet you somehow still manage to put the icing on top by giving me the worst height ever. Especially my biological father, he's already such a short fuck, yet he still has such a short fuse. What made you think, yeah, my son will absolutely hate me because he'll be short as fuck and almost nobody will take him seriously because of it, and he'll be bullied and played around until the end of his life, we should give birth to him despite our current financial conditions!

What's even worse is you did it with a woman that doesn't have the best aspects in terms of facial looks; thus, you're combining both a shitty height and a fucking ugly face, what does that make? Me! That's fucking amazing! THat's GREAT. At least when I'm already miserable and have to deal with these cards I've been dealt with, because whoever the greater force is up there in the universe that just decided to give me these genetics did so because it was probably entertaining to them, but my parents can't even try to help me mentally get through this horrible experience. 

Not one of them is a parent that's willing to listen to what their child is going through, and have always ignored the child and just wait for it to grow up. You made your child learn that it's better to bottle up their emotions rather than sharing it, that's great. 

People tell me to play and take advantage of the cards I've been dealt with. Sure, go ahead, how about you try out my cards, get a feel of it for yourself for how shitty of an experience living my life has been. Talking with others is tough, I look like shit, people won't take me seriously because of how I look. Relationships? please, throw that shit out of the window, don't even think about it. You will get to your twenties and have little to no experience in socialization, and you'll be left behind compared to your peers in everything. In this world you will be lost, and you will be nothing. So your only choice is to kill yourself, end your life, when flame ignites the burning house around you that is life, and your only choice is to slowly burn away to crisp or fall and splat to the ground and end your misery instantly, then what's the best option? That's my reason why I want to kill myself, hell, it's because I have to. I've been forced to only take that position and nothing else. When people ask me why I look so miserable all the time, that's why. When people want to "help" and ask me if I need anything, I do. Just things that not you and me can fix. This is why I accept blackpill ideology, it's a cure for any foolish ideas that I might think of. You already lost, there's no hope, so why not just give up. You don't have to kill yourself right away, but you'll inevitably have to. Life is miserable, most of the things in your life you can't control. Your bone structure defines how people will think of you. They're gonna see good looking guys as angels due to the Halo effect because of their looks despite the atrocities they might carry out, and puke at the idea of seeing an ugly piece of shit like me and will literally enable a Holocaust to get rid of subhuman wretches like me. I'm not human, I never was, I just move along the crowd and fit in and integrate to society. As much as I try to talk to others, I feel like an outsider. I don't belong anywhere, in any crowd or any group. I always end up becoming the odd ball. 

In terms of relationships, talking to girls feels like talking to a brick wall. It's hard to muster up words to the opposite gender because of the shitty hormones we have to deal with. These hormones are meant to be 'essential' in forming a bond with someone and being with them according to my body, but when my body is the least desirable thing ever then why fucking bother. One time in AP Gov I had to make an essay with someone and I had to partner up with Ryan, a girl with red hair. She was cool; however, I felt bad for her because she had to deal with me, a lost cause. I feel like she had to babysit me and pretend she cares whatever the fuck I was tryna say, even though I'm guessing she definitely did not. People just pretend to listen to you but in the end they're just pretending to be nice because they feel pity for you. So when society expects me to be in a relationship and apparently biologically it's structured as well that I have to experience things such as 'love', then it's fucking over, because I already struggle socializing with people, and now I have to be intimate and have to somehow talk to the opposite gender in a lovey dovey way, no.. I don't think so. Especially when our society now places an importance on height and most individuals in the opposite gender expect partners that are at least an inch or two taller than them (that's the bare minimum almost desperate), while the others expect 6 foot, then I'm fucked. Almost all girls (90% or higher) are taller than me, so I already fail that criteria, and my choices now drop to all time lows, and now somehow in that small percentage left I have to find someone that somehow accepts my shitty face, which is also another shitty trait, which probably brings the possibility down even lower, and the final nail in the coffin, my personality. Yea I doubt this 'love' thing is getting me anywhere at all during my entire lifetime. Even when someone somehow manages to accept me and goes along with my shit, I doubt it'll last long. Overall, I give up in that department.

So, what's next. Education? My grades are dogshit. Calc is 77, and I have to somehow hope to God I do decently at that retest, and what's next, just more education after high school? shitty community college then transfer to actual college, then I have to pray that the job market still exists after all that. Just so I can work again until I die. 

Pain. it's everywhere.

It's painful, and sleeping sorta helps, but sleep is temporary, so it always comes back, it always does. 
I don't know if shooting yourself in the head or inhaling 100% nitrogen gas and inducing fatal brain damage is 'sleep', but if it means finally getting rid of the obstacles of life, then I'd love to enter whatever sanctuary the dead go to.


