Date: 2023-10-10 04:56:09

Title: What's my Goal Now.

Well.. 
It's fall break, and It's a week of resting. My mom didn't ask too much today, so I hope it'll be like that for the rest of the week. Just watching anime by myself, and thanks to RealDebrid for only 4 bucks there's less buffers. I have to prepare for my new class (Arts 3-4).

Gavin is the guy who recommended me to go there, and helped talk to Ms. L regarding my switching of Hon Phys to Arts 3-4. I know there's gonna be new people I have to talk to. I also gotta retry that Calculus test which I know I absolutely fucked up on. Gotta annotate Brutus 1 for AP Gov as well over the weekend to work ahead. overall, do need this break, since school has been so fucking exhausting.

I've been watching the second season of Beastars and it's pretty good. Since I got RealDebrid, I might have to take advantage of this by watching more and such. Also no fucking idea if i'll be able to do the new video within the week. 

Prime Day is tomorrow (oct 10-11) so i might buy stuff if i feel like it. I'll probably have to talk to Gavin since i achieved what he wants me to do which is a hard task (switching classes), so we have to be obligated friends now. He's already a friend of mine, but now it's official sorta. This always happens every year too. It's like, I always seem to attract people to be my friends and they become close with me almost instantly despite having others already as their friends. Last year was Cesar. The whole 2 years of high school was Alec.

Oh yeah forgot to talk about getting sent to the social worker. They saw my drawing of ronnie mcnutt blowing his head off like 27 days or so ago. they only saw it recently, and they think i wanna kill myself, which yes i definitely do and will do before i turn 20, but yeah no idea. Also been hearing how a lot of my relatives/cousins are getting pregnant and all that and being grownups, which sounds weird, which makes me realize how weird sex and having a family is. 

Those sorta news makes me very disinterested with sex overall. If I ever get a girlfriend, I just wanna make it pure and completely asexual. kissing yea sure but just no sex at all. shit is starting to disgust me day by day. I also researched last year on ways to completely remove libido which is responsible for our horniness, but its side effects contain depression which is a no go.

Yeah. Also improving on drawing, but my path is so unclear and i have no idea how to really improve this. I've been sketching and noticed my art getting better, but i want to learn anatomy.

My new 6th period class is personal development.. cool. already know its gonna suck but whatever. Yeah. Senior Year huh. Fuckin cool.

