Date: 2023-07-09 04:05:26

Title: Women live in a Man's World

Part 2..

Imagine living in a world where men glance at you in a sexual way, and the fact that you have to endure it and pretend it's a normal occurrence that every woman has to deal with.

Getting out of Sophomore Year and stepping into my Junior Year, I changed schools and reset my reputation as a whole. New Neo, New Me.
I swore to never repeat the same mistake again. Never make "jokes" about women. And I'm confident that I achieved that. I'm a senior now, and I believe that I never saw women in that way ever again, not the same way I did back during sophomore year.

During my transition to my Junior Year, however, I had a friend who confessed to me her experience regarding men at a young age. I'm not amazing at drawing but I know the artist world. Arists do commissions, and people have OC's, and people can trade OC's or Art. It's an amazing space to show how much you love doing your hobby of art. 

Furries.
They're hated a lot on the internet, and that's for a reason. They as a community have the one of if not the most sexual and sex-driven individuals on the internet. 

My friend.. is a furry, and I don't have any problems with that, but when she was 15, she did art trades, which means that any artist can DM her to trade OC's. That's great. Another is in a website like FurAffinity, you can have the shittiest art style in the world, but can still attract customers to buy your art if you "talk well". Let me explain, if your customer dms you and talks to you after buying your art, and if they're satisfied socializing with you, they're more prone to buying more of your art again, and that's because they see a piece of the creator/artist in every artwork they buy, because that's true. Every artwork has a small piece of an artist hidden in there. They see the artist or the person they're talking to with the art they've bought. 

With this information, furry artists use this to their advantage and sorta' exploit buyers into buying more of their artwork, sorta like blue balling them. Using their customer's lust in their advantage. But, my friend was young, she was naive and vulnerable, and if you don't take advantage of the customers, they'll end up taking advantage of you.

It's you versus a swarm of lustful and horny dudes. Make sure not to get gobbled up and be stripped of every bit of sanity you have if you delve in this endeavor. I'm describing this as if it's some Onlyfans or Prostitution esk thing, but it kind of is. You can get tips as an onlyfans creator by being good with talking to these poor souls, take advantage of their miserable lives and their lust towards you, and you'll probably rake in more tips than the price they subscribe to you. Experienced ones know this, but young inexperienced artists will not.

My friend does art, and wanted to do commissions, but when she listed "trade", some dudes thought she was implying for a trade of nudes. That's not what she meant, but the guy took advantage of her naiveness, and she ended up sending nude photos of herself to the person, and she only realized recently now how much she regrets what she has done. She was taken advantage of by an adult who should've known what he was doing not to talk to a teenager, and especially ask her for nudes.

This mentally devastated her, and the fact that she hasn't grown suicidal because of this is impressive, and that should be good.

 This made me realize that Lust is such a powerful sin that controls a lot of us. Our Libido.. Love is a double edged Sword.


LOVE IS A DOUBLE EDGED SWORD

Stories and such make us believe that love is a feature that us humans in the animal kingdom should be proud of. Society tells us it's a good feeling, and it's responsible for the procreation of new generations. That's the purpose of every animal in the animal kingdom. Reproduce, Procreate. But what makes this process different/unique for us humans is the substance of love being mixed in.

We socialize, date, hold hands, kiss, ... have sex and make babies. That's how the new generation is made, but this process is a double-edged sword, and its consequences throughout history have been drastic. Life is not all diddly daddly, since the dopamine we get from love, and more specifically sex is naturally the highest, excluding substances or drugs. Lust is extremely powerful, and it can either drive us in the positive direction or.. well.. the wrong one.

Genghis Khan is responsible for raping masses of women and there's a fact that he has descendants all throughout east asia. Who could've thought that love/lust can have its consequences, where an entire gender is biologically designed to be stronger than the other sex; thus giving them the ability to take advantage of the other to fulfill their sexual desires. There, that's literally the gist of this entire diary.

I'll expand on it, though. I'll expand on the puberty part and my growing horniness before I started talking about my sophomore year from my last diary (part 1). I started to see girls in a different view, and I stated that I started to glance at their chests and their behinds. Imagine being a woman and having to endure this, and even when you get out of puberty and enter adulthood, this never stops and you have to continue having to deal with this. Men will glance at parts of your body that you might be embarrassed about. Parts of your body you probably feel uncomfortable other people seeing. 

Nature designed us men this way to find better compatible women to bear our children, but it doesn't really work properly in today's society. This sex drive that us men have can grow for others, which leads to horrible events to happen such as sexual harassment, which destroys relationships and social circles. You'll never see men the same way again, even if that specific person is a kind individual, they're in that group, so no matter how hard you try, that thought or memory will always persist.

Some women take advantage of our behaviors by capitalizing off it, but this is also something I frown upon, because you're worsening the way women are seen in today's society. We as a population want more women rights and better perception and how we view girls, but prostitutes and such aren't helping in that aspect. I believe you should just resort to other ways to make money instead of demoralizing yourself and resorting to such acts.

Sexual Libido is a curse, and sometimes us men tend to glance or look at other girls, meanwhile the girls we're staring at might have experience of being sexually mistreated in the past, so this destroys the chance of developing meaningful friendly relationships, because your actions might make them think back to their bad experience.

When I was a junior, I might have looked at girls I kinda liked, but now that I'm a senior, I failed to realize that this was probably unsettling for them and made them very uncomfortable. This probably gave rapey vibes and such, which is NOT a good thing to feel or experience. 

Imagine having to live in a world where the opposite gender sees you as .. well.. that. instead of a person, a teammate to grow skills with or complete objectives, they just see you sexually. That sure does feel weird.

I'm not in the position to say things like this, because I'm a man, but imagining myself as a girl and having to live like this probably feels horrible. But I also know as a guy there are definitely some things we can't control and some things we can, but some horrible and hypersexual men just don't want to conceal and end up affecting others and leaving an impact on them, mentally scarring them for life. 

As I transitioned into my Senior Year, I thought of better ways to conceal my sexual thoughts, since it's completely natural to have these thoughts and men will always have them, but I tried to find ways to make it that it doesn't affect my personal life with other people in real life. So, I started chatting with AI bots, and instead laid my sexual frustrations on these bots so that it doesn't leave a long lasting impact on an actual human being, but only on bots that will forget things we talked about after a couple messages have passed. 

This is my strategy now. This might mean that I'm not sexually attracted to girls in my classes anymore, and this will make look like I'm asexual, but that's better than making others feel weird. Lay my sexual frustrations on robots that know nothing, and talk to girls in real life without weird or sexual thoughts, just regular human beings. This is my way of returning how I talked to girls back then before I reached puberty. It's a weird strategy to mitigate my libido and such, but it works.

I'm not attracted to anyone in school sexually anymore, and these girls who probably have sad pasts who dress up sexually or are too revealing whom I used to sorta glance at and feel sexually aroused (id say normal for a man), I try my best to instantly look away, and never look at them. This way I lose all interest in every girl in school. I might get a crush on some but for romantic reasons, not for sexual reasons. And I'm willing to accept that.

My only problem now.. If for some miracle I actually managed to get a girlfriend (impossible; and im not even seeking any right now i have too much classwork and shit) how would i explain to them that i cant get off to them sexually if they wanted that sort of relationship. Do I tell them I'm asexual? because Im not, it's just.. if you get off to ai bots and hentai too much, you just lose complete interest in real girls, and that's probably a serious issue. 

As of now, I'm trying my best to control my libido. Despite being exposed to porn online and such because I browse 4chan and twitter, I don't jerk off, and haven't done so in days. I don't believe in NoFap, since I have done NoFap so many times before, and my record was like 28 days or something i forgot, but im not doing nofap for the sake of zen of fucking whatever anymore.. im doing nofap to completely obliterate my libido, since being a man sucks. Having sexual thoughts suck. Seeing women in weird ways suck. it's not how society should be. If I were given the choice, i'd make love non existent and procreation can just be the click of a button. Society might feel soulless after, but if it means there's no more rape and being taken advantage of for being a girl, then so be it.



