Date: 2025-12-08 02:15:58

Title: 7 Minutes

Consequently, I apprehended my will to persevere as I have attempted to continue living with no avail. Purgatory, eternity—I’m here aren’t I. Waiting forever for nothing, so long I depart with no reason why; thus, everyone and everything continues moving, while I stagnate eternally with the corpses around me forever resting in the bliss of death. Lay side by side on the grassy fields below, heaven or hell, its’ comfort is soothing to the point of euphoric relief, wondering where I have felt this before, somewhere or sometime I can’t pinpoint. Bliss, thoughtless and without worries of a future that will come. There is only present, without a past nor future—taking in everything at this very moment, where second or minute or time itself is non-existent. There is only sensation where the only discomfort is the slight prickly edges of the grass beneath as our bodies lay flat ontop of the never ending bliss of green valleys that span for miles forever. 

Is this heaven, I thought, then another, is there even heaven, or hell. Maybe, this is what the end is all about. 7 minutes of silence, where one can completely take in every sensation there is to life. Memories hurt, so I’d like the last seven minutes to just be pure feelings of bliss. Memories happened and have left for good—no reason for them to seep back now. There is only me and only now. Never ending now, and I can finally rest comfortably without dreaming of tomorrow or yesterday. Is time a perception from our cerebral abilities; therefore, without any is there a need to take in time; thus, one can even dream for eternity? I wish. That to me is heaven.

Maybe when we die, those 7 minutes are forever. The flashes before death might just be a measly moment for the outside world, but it might be forever to me. In an eternal dream like state where nothing else matters. I’m flowing through chemicals inside my head, from a macroscopic amalgamation of many cells to the very microscopic atoms that used to make me. There is no true form of me, free from the physicalities and limitations of our current meatful bodies, transcendent to the highest echelons of abstract form. Without restriction and linearity of reasoning nor meaning. Meaning above the understanding of the english lexicon or of human cognitive understanding. 

Logic and Feeling. Two facets of human cognition, so limited when compared to the vastness of the universe. These two languages are rudimentary against what the world has to bring, so tiny yet so expansive, capable of surpassing everything in the animal kingdom. 


