Date: 2025-05-21 11:14:47

Title: college romantic pursuits.

one thign i've noticed about college, is i've lost the ability to have crushes on poeple. ever since i entered college

in high school i only had two girls i had huge crushes on, but thery were like massive crushes, like i would go insnae just thinkgin abot them

ut in collge, i wasn't interetsed in anyone at all, until november and we started dating january, eventually had a falling out april i dont rlly care

i moved on pretty quickly, but again im back to having feelings over people back in my hig hschool.

and the two just recently graduated, again tehy're a year younger than me, and a grade younger too. 

but that's the thing ive noticed with college and high school, adn the disparity of my romantic feelings.

i had no feelings or intentions for anyone in my college. and to be honest, even during my relationship in college with someone, 

it didnt really hit the same or as hard as feeling extremely erotomaniac towards my crushes in highschool.

it just felt better and a there was a huge spark in highschool, but when i got to college, i just did not have any romantic ideals at all.

even during my relationship despite all the romantic things we did, it just never felt as "lovey" as highschoool did.

of coruse i was in love with her, and i still got hurt when we broke up, but eventualy i moved on, and there i regresed back to who i was

and how i am like in high school, which made me get into my high school crushes agian. 

i didnt cheat on my girlfriend, but ocassionaly, i'd always keep tab and think about my highschool crush even during the relationpshp, even
when it was at its peak.

which is oddly surprising, i would check up on what theyre doing ocassionaly. 

So being free and not in a relationshipo anymore, i checked again after a pretty long healing process, and there she was, back in instagram, active, 
and i was so fucking happy, i felt as happy as i was years ago, and i didn't wanna let this opportunity slide. followed her, she followed me.

now i haven't messaged her yet, but it's quite inevitable for that to happen! :)
goodluck to me!

-- ok more on this --

so it's been a while since i used this website. I went through my first semester of college with full time work, and I went part time during my second semester. Had a relationship Jan 6th, she confessed, we made out a lot, kissed a lot, but eventually we broke up April 12th. Whatever. Got into drama before that with Joe. idk. i dont care. when i have the energy ill write it.

But to adhere to the topic. I don't feel the same way romantically in college, the same way I did in High School. I wasn't interested in anyone, and it just didn't feel as enticing as high school. I would be engrossed by D and L's energy, but even with all the shit I did with my girlfriend in college, it just didnt' feel.. good. no spark, nothing. ehh..

I don't know if it's cheating, but I would even look at D's stuff during the relationship, the peak of the relationship so that's interesting. 

Today, however, after their graduation, and seeing them in the livestream, during my breakup phase with my ex girlfriend Anette, I failed to realize that D has reactivated her instagram account, and I was so happy. I bit the bullet, I followed her and she followed me back. 

I feel happy again. I feel like I have purpose. The same way I did in high school. I've never felt this.. excited for something to happen for years. College has just been boring romantically despite the make outs and the kisses. They're nothing, they pale in comparison to the precense of D. She's just.. i don't even know.

I hope this works. I've failed and I didn't grow balls to talk to her senior year, despite being matched together during a duo gruop work for art class. This time, It'll work.. right? hopefully. Just one message with her. and myabe. just maybe. UGH

