Date: 2025-05-12 11:12:12

Title: Inaction and Regret

Inaction and Regret

Upon entering my 19th year, I stoop lower to misery. 
Looking back at my saved files from my 18th year, I could infer that I have returned to the same boat. Nothing has changed. We have come full circle.

We enjoyed a few months of what it feels to Love, but we’re back to where we have originally started. It’s like nothing happened. I just wasted an entire year of my life.

Have I really grown the past year, or did I just spend that time in ruin–I’m unsure, and I don’t want to find out. I could have been happy. I could have changed, be someone new. 

I could have embraced my new position, even though I suffer from a big case of Impostor Syndrome, but now that impostor is nowhere to be seen, because we have returned to ourselves, flawed and imperfect. No Ego to lift us up, so we’re back down.

When you hear Neo, it’s not the great and perfect identity, but one flawed and inconsequential once again. I have returned to who I am. I do prefer it this way, as it lifts from the pressure of such heights, and typing this, I agree. I like this comfort.

I like the comfort of monotony, the ease of the slow. There is no need to do anything but what is necessary. Why step out of what’s required? Why not just embrace the pace we’re currently at. Ambition is a disaster that will leave you in ruins. 

You can just stay in your place, and be happy. It’s not society telling you that, but you. Maybe your comfort zone is comfortable for a reason. Stepping outside, sure does help you excel to other fields, but one has to realize they are not ready.

One has to realize where they came from and stay there. Keep yourself in that same path. Don’t stray too far from it. Progress is a Double Edged Sword, leave too far and you get lost, uneasy and resort to unknown sources for peace and tranquil not knowing the damage it causes. Meanwhile finding the river, the way back is true comfort. It’s what was always there, so stay in its path. 

You’ll get lost, curious and feel unknown to your surroundings, but learning to remember who you truly are is pivotal in that journey. Finding that baseline of your identity is required to remain, You. Otherwise, you lose yourself in this chaotic environment you’ve set yourself in.

Your environment is a great factor to shaping who you are. And the uncertainty of where you’re at can make it difficult to determine how your current circumstance can mold you. So be cautioned where to approach and how to deal with its obstacles. 

Life will provide various paths, so be prepared to get lost. At least you took one, rather than taking all that time wallowing in dread choosing to think of what to choose, losing opportunity every second. Rather, you went in and took it; however, not every choice connects as easily to the path that was provided prior.

Paths are rather confusing, and the way back can be arduous to return to, sometimes not even leading a way back, only a path forward, taking a gamble where it leads you. It’s necessary, but finding a way back is a sign that either you haven’t stooped too far or the path you were already currently at–your baseline is fine, and you have chosen to pick the careful paths without straying too far.

To choose is a direct order where one requires to take a chance, and we did. We embraced that uncertainty rather than sticking to what we have always known, and it hurt. It’s fine that it hurts, because it hurts more to not try at all. Regrets that come seeping in have its effects that make us feel at ease after. Regrets of not trying at all is what ills us the most, the missed opportunities that have shown themselves throughout the past, those are regrets without the effects that come after. You will only ponder what could’ve been, rather than what shouldn’t have been done.

The regret of a vast and bigger volume to ponder on is more painful rather than shouldn’t-haves. What I could have done is more regretful than what I shouldn’t have done. The Less is Greater than the Merrier. Specifically for regrets. So do more, which will consequently always lead to regrets, but to do nothing will also in turn lead to even bigger regrets of inaction, which will have grander side effects.

To live a life of inaction is to miss out on learning. To pretend that such life is perfect is flawed. Flaw is necessary to growing; mistakes are pivotal to molding and shaping one’s life. Without such factors, they are nothing, only one of potential. The word potential is murderous, as it leads to inaction, it makes the option of one too vast to pick, living a life of ponder rather than one of action. By the time the ponderer has chosen a path, the branches have already fallen off, now the individual devoid of opportunity, goes from a vast amount of options to merely nothing. That time that should’ve been used to begin their journey is instead used to ponder the possibilities, but to ponder is to never begin at all. It’s to live in imagination, in delusion, in someone’s thoughts where nothing occurs. 

Living in Daydreams, in thoughts is dangerous. It gives the same chemicals from the brain as to actually performing the activity, disincentivizing someone from actually doing the deed, thinking they have already done it. It’s to live in one’s fantasy and pretend one has achieved these goals without actually having done such objectives. 

It’s the antithesis of “living”, rather it’s instead the act of delusion. To think. 

To Care

To Get Hurt, is the act of Caring. Without it, the reciprocal occurs… Nothing does.
When you care, it hurts; thus, why care? If you don’t want to get hurt.

The word Potential. It annoys me. They have potential, I have potential, you have potential. That’s a term of science, of physics, not of human characteristic. Energy remains constant throughout, so in order to have potential in the first place is to have that amount of energy from the start; thus, if someone wasn’t able to show much potential, then that’s all the available energy they could display. You can’t have more than the amount of energy given. That would be to violate the law of conservation, so it’s gray when you use such as concept in someone human. The expression can be used to motivate someone, but it can also be used to hurt them, by downplaying someone’s achievements to something they could have done, but what’s done is done and that’s all they could do. They can’t change the past, unless given the opportunity to. That’s all that person will think about, rather than the achievements they’ve reached, and rather things they could’ve done. They feel like they missed out on opportunities, and that feeling hurts. It will linger for the rest of their lives, making it their only goal to amount to such praise and pressure.

This is how I feel. At this current time, so I try to rush things I “missed” out on during my later years to feel equal to my peers whose had those experiences. But now I just feel terrible. I don’t want their lives. I want mine. I liked mine. But I wasted most of that time wishing for the things I went through just a few months ago, and now I regret it. I could’ve just been happy being by myself and enjoying my own company, but I had to get attached to someone and now I’m forced to detach myself from them, because one day they just decided to stop caring about me, to leave me to the ruins of time and to move on with their own lives, while my heart still lies in them. I’ve been left in the gutter to rust as time depreciates me. Leaving me to rot in this empty void that I’ve made for myself. I could’ve used that time to build myself, but instead I used it to daydream lives that I could’ve had. 

Here I wonder what’s next moving forward. They have moved on, so have I, so what’s next. I just have to keep going. But it would’ve been nice.. but that is to ponder the past, and that just leaves me in the passage of time, so it’d be better to not ponder at all, so I move on. But as I move on, and do the most basic of chores, I daydream of things I could’ve done, what we could’ve done, but that’s all I could’ve done. School was there, and I didn’t want to destroy that opportunity provided to us, so I just have to face that fact, and now that I have all the time in the world, I’m left to ponder by myself in this vast passage of time with limitless options to use it for. I have no direction but to rot in my room and waste away as I use this energy for nothing efficient. But what is efficient? I’ve done everything efficient in the past ten months, and I’m tired. Anything efficient doesn’t feel fulfilling, so no matter what I do, I will still return to obscurity and the feeling of despair. I’d even argue she was my only form of optimism, but of course, she left me just like that, because she felt so, and I have to accept that. I could feel anger, but all I could feel is apathy. Apathy. To not care. 

Apathy

To not care, as I alluded to in the past chapter, why should I care? If someone cares, it just hurts them. So in order to stray from this feeling, why not just remove such an initiation. That way, we never lose. To never see life that way, and to simply detach ourselves from it. Anything, obstacles that come our way will just fly by, and all we can do is watch. It’s like watching a burning building, we simply have no control of it, and even if we did, we’ll just end up burning ourselves, so why not just go with our day and simply, not care.

Empathy is a defect. It’s that feature that borders animalistic. Above humanity is machinery, and we’re in that glimpse, that border between the two, and the exclusive characteristics or traits that are demonstrated in this realm is to be empathetic, to be compassionate for our fellow brethren. To wage war, as we know, is to fulfill the wrath within us, our animalistic anger, so it’s seen as beneath humanity, it’s not efficient. But as the centuries pass, we approach machinery, and the eagerness to leave what’s beneath us grows, so we urge being machines, to be intellects, leaving our imperfections behind, and many of those traits include what it is to be human. One of them is compassion. In order to reach the next level of evolution, one has to leave traits that don’t benefit us in the animal kingdom, and in this case, the galactic, interstellar kingdom. If we want to compete with cosmological life forms above the stars, then we need to be better, to get stronger, and that’s not exclusive to physical attributes but our behavior as well.

As seen in the animal kingdom, we leave imperfections, even if they are unique to other animals in the kingdom, it’s not being unique that made us surpass them in this hierarchy but the goal we strived for, and that is our intellect. Compassion has definitely played a big role in making us the king of the animal kingdom, but logically we have seen that compassion is to care, and to care.. Is to love.


