Date: 2026-01-19 02:46:58

Title: Deserve

feedmyballs Are people entitled to anything, do we deserve anything? Since I was younger, things never went the way I wanted it to, so I decided that I just don’t deserve happiness. I accepted my insignificance; however, as a consequence, when things go well for me, I self-sabotage and get destructive. Entitlement feels narcissistic, which is why I dislike sharing my own life stories, I prefer listening to others — what use is there to convey how I feel and who I am. Growing up, I never wanted anything, because someone else deserves it, it got to the point my parents would force me to pick gifts they’d buy, but I never really “wanted” anything, because it’s not meant for me. From objects to people, like friends it worsened. I too am Human, in the social world I always felt behind and outside, but when someone did show their interest in talking to me, I savored every second of it, but when they started talking to others, a bit of envy glimmered within me watching them enjoy their conversation much more than me, laughing and being Human. This inspired me to work on my social skills to the point it’s become natural, I can make people laugh and smile, but the crushing weight of guilt is heavy, wishing they’d just talk to someone else, better and more capable than me. In Schopenhauer’s philosophy towards Happiness, he says that it lies in the effort one puts towards something, the difficulty; however, the very effort I exerted is just evidence of my inhumanity when it comes naturally to others. From object to people to Love. Every relationship I get into is misery, because I could never accept the fact that someone else would “Love” me. Why me, why not someone else? Why someone so imperfect, ugly, short and stupid. So I thought to myself, maybe they’re just not lucid, and they’ll realize they’re destined for someone better. I’m Someone to vent frustrations to and move on without a second thought. I subconsciously ruin the relationship, act like a jerk, because I’m afraid to show how much I love them. Every second without them is the anxious thought that they’ll realize how much of a fraud I am, an unlovable Monster, so they can suddenly say, “I don’t love you anymore”.

