Date: 2026-03-17 14:38:12

Title: High School Graduation

Outside of my melancholic nature, I’m a blank slate. Like a statue, standing firm, eyes staring into blank space. The same procedure everyday like I stated on my diary laying out my schedule every single day. Let’s be more literal this time, less fluff, more concrete. I’m Neo. I’ve had this diary for a while now. I was absent for a large portion of it, because I started writing on Instagram instead, but I mentioned that I got rid of it recently, so I’m back to this site — expressing the same sad and miserable themes throughout my life. Has anything really changed? Maybe something has. I haven’t recorded much of my life post High School. I’ve been in College for two years now, i’m about to enter my third year soon, I’ve went through tough classes and tough times. Let me Begin:

I graduated Sunnyslope High School in May of 2024. From what I remember during my graduation, I was afraid, I didn’t want to go. Mostly, because I didn’t want others seeing me with my parents. Again, I’ve mentioned various times that I despise how I look, which is mostly because of my short stature, my height, which I’ve inherited from both of them. They’re extremely short individuals, which resulted in me. Brimming with insecurities that linger on for a decade, this was the time to show myself with them to others. I didn’t know how the structure of the graduation would go, did they have to go to the main stage to take a picture with me? I thought that if my dad had went, I myself as a physical failure was already embarrassing enough, the two of us would be much worse. So, that thought covered much of my excitement. I wasn’t particularly excited either, I just wanted to get this over with, I didn’t want to be here. It was the diamond something stadium? It was spacious, and if I remember, we had to let someone scan our ticket upon entry which I had saved up on my phone’s wallet feature. Again, I’m trying to remember foggy details from two years ago, which I’m not great at. Another factor that also lingered on was my baby brother, he was still young back then compared to now — I was afraid he would cause a commotion with his crying and screaming on the stadium; however, they assured me after the event that he was composed, which gave me a sigh of relief. We searched for parking space, there were many vehicles parked with masses of students wearing green robes and gowns waiting on the outside of the stadium entry doorway. Another thing that I despised was that I was alone. I didn’t want my parents seeing how pathetic I am with socialization, so I tried to wedge my way inside the mass, hoping that my parents would never find me, wishing that they won’t catch me from the crowd and suddenly ask me to stand for a picture with people double my height standing in the background, probably annoyed at the notion of getting a picture taken of them. I was walking around, pretending to be busy, with much of the busy activity happening inside my mind, spiraling into a constant state of anxiety that made this experience less enjoyable for me. I was ruining my experience, for something so special was driving me insane, and looking back at it, I still would’ve done the same, but I cared much about how others perceived me, even those that weren’t aware of my existence. Everyone looked so good, their faces filled with make up, groups of people talking to their friends. This was their day, they were happy, it was a memory to be reminisced decades later, something they’ll hold unto for the rest of their lives as they go on with their lives. I, on the other hand was scared, I did not enjoy waiting for the entryway to open. The autistic kid no one really talked to approached me, which made me happy, finally — someone to talk to, also he would eventually be at PVCC too, so he’ll show up sometimes in future entries regarding my experience in my first two years of College. He and I talked for a bit but he had to leave quickly, so I was back to being by myself. I don’t remember much of what had happened after, so I’ll skip to the scene of what occured inside. The door opened, we all went inside and had noticed that I was much shorter than everybody else due to my shoes, so I looked so small compared to everyone. We got our medals seeing teachers that I know, Cunningham, Cummings and others who I’ve forgotten the names of, but seeing them brightened my day, since at least I felt accompanied by their presence, then we all lined up, if I remember, we had colors assigned to us, then I went to mine, lined up and waited. Prior to this, on Instagram I had sent a request to Hannah aka infinite08.. (i’m not saying the complete username), because it seems she was interested in the same stuff I was into, I kinda wanted friends, because I was lonely. I sent her a follow request, and as a great way to make a first impression on instagram was to have a clip of Filthy Frank telling h3h3 to shoot him as instructed by the doctor. It was a hilarious clip, and I put the text ‘1 day after graduation’ implying I’ll be dead after graduation, classic dark humor. So yeah, I look at my right side, was her, and again, with my ability to read people and how they felt to an eerie degree, could feel that she was looking at me then looked away then again several times, although mixed with a feeling of unease probably because of my Instagram story and my attempt of trying to be her friend. I didn’t say anything, like I always do, but I remember it vividly, it’s as if it was just her that I could feel the tense aura of. Everyone else to me didn’t register, it was just her piercing stares that went back and forth. I, stood firm, afraid to exchange a conversation, as I was extremely socially awkward during this time, it’s gotten better now. If I remember, I was on the left side, she was on the right, and we all slowly creeped to the stadium, where the graduation took place. We went one by one, and on the same side beside me was her, out of pure coincidence, it was probably a sign from the universe to force me to initiate a friendly conversation with someone, just one, of course I didn’t lol. I stepped into the stadium, the camera was pointed to anyone that entered, it was livestreamed, if I remember, it’s all in Youtube, so if you look at it extensively, footage of me from two years ago probably still remains. I walked and enjoyed the view of the crowd that cheered us on; although, I could never find my parents and my baby brother, so I just walked to our designated seats during the ceremony. As I walked, I passed Dr Lovell, whom I had drama with that year, so he probably passive aggressively told me “congratulations, neo”, probably implying that with the shit we’ve been through, I shouldn’t have graduated, but heh. I don’t know if I had written an entry regarding that, or I should write about it another day if I still remember my High School days. I sat beside a teacher, I forgot who it was but it might’ve Cummings, my AP Gov teacher. I have to definitely talk about something that happened in her class but I’ll do so another day. So, I sat, listening to our best performing students give their speeches, definitely not AI-Generated. I don’t remember if I was listening, I was just staring blankly at whatever. Eventually, people started going in front, getting their names called, some with crowds that roared louder than others. Eventually it was my turn, I received my diploma and walked away. We then threw our graduation caps up in the air, I probably didn’t. I don’t remember much during that ceremony, all I remember was that I was showcased by the camera in the crowd, which will definitely stick as a memory forever. We then walked away from the stadium. I looked around, people were taking pictures with their parents, knowing that this was the end. The End. Next was either college, which meant separating from them to a state far away, some went instate, others probably didn’t even continue college. I admired the crowd and knowing I’ll never see them ever again was a little melancholic, but a little smile arched on my face. I eventually saw my parents, I tried to rush them away from the crowd, because of my anxiety, so we went somewhere close to the car, and that was it. High School had just ended. 

I looked outside, at this time I applied for Longhorn for a job to no answer. I was eager to get a job so I expressed much of that in the car. Who knew that two years later, the same kid is a complete workaholic balancing god knows what. But this time, he felt another chapter unfold for his life, after four years of painstaking effort, he had finally moved outside of the bubble that High School had forced him in. He was free, and with freedom came great uncertainty. An uncertainty I’m currently partaking in right now for the next few years, but to him during this time, he was completely unaware just how different it would be soon. Goodbye High School, Sunnyslope High School. I had a great time there, I think. The teachers were great, they were caring and gave memorable memories. Despite how much pain I went through during that time, I cling unto these memories until my eventual demise. It serves as a fuel for my future endeavors.

Another Chapter unfolded. College.

