Date: 2026-03-14 18:43:03

Title: March 14 2026. 19 years ..

March 14 2026. 19 years old.

I haven’t used Tiktok or Instagram and even twitter since feb 1. I’ve deleted them all, socially isolated. i go to school to work to home rinse and repeat. i barely get 5 hours of sleep anymore. my schedule is a wreck. let’s see, sundays im forced by my parents to go with them for bullshit like church and whatever even though i barely have any time for myself. when its already afternoon or night, i catch up on studying for my shitty anatomy lab manual the night prior so i can be prepared for monday morning. i wake up at 8:15 am, drive to West ASU and get there by 9:15, get to the shuttle to drive me to Downtown ASU for my 10:10am lab, then take our weekly quizzes every 11:45am where we all have our morales crushed because of how difficult it is. No matter how hard i study for that lab, i always do terribly. I then proceed to head to the waiting area, picked up by the shuttle to then go back West then drive back home where i have to babysit, again emphasizing how little time i have for myself. I then watch baby videos or whatever with him for the next 3-4 hours and feed him in hourly intervals. When he feels sleepy, either I join him or I make use of that little time to enjoy myself. My shift is 8:00pm, so I have to start preparing by 6:40pm, drive 7:20pm then arrive at work around 7:55pm. It’s then the same thing everynight doing most of the work while my piece of shit lazy coworker stares at his phone while he walks. So, work, hm. I’m an Anesthesia PCA Tech, 21 an hour plus the night diff. Get paid 1,550+ biweekly so around 3.2k a month. difficulty ranges around the amount of cases and they had that day. I stock the room downstairs, then stock the equipment room and stock our cart that we use for the rooms and get to lunch, and do our actual jobs. I try to make this job bearable by teaching him what I learn or read from enneagram subtypes and cognitive functions, it makes my nights a little more bearable. He’s not the smartest, although he understands most of my interests and can catch on to what i say and my intellectual level, I’d say I’m still superior to him in that regard. I catch on to more references, more involved in philosophy and other fields. He seems to be aware of the same interests I’m in but he’s not in depth as I usually am. I’ve typed him several times, he’s the classic Type 9, the lazy one. Always on his phone, slouched appearance, moves almost lethargically, chin full of weird beard hair, quite fat, dark brown, unpleasing to stare at, weird nose and also balding. We do share the same attributes on a mental level where we are both possibly autistic thus explaining our interests however i still go more in depth. I do use mine more pragmatically, when we exchange intellectual arguments, it just feels like he “uses” his by criticizing points rather than actually making good ones, only rephrasing already what’s already established or what i’ve said. I’m more flexible on my logic and even don’t mind hearing him out, I like to make points at a fast pace too. That’s where the division lies, I’m smarter, much more pragmatic. He’s Dave, he’s 23. I’m 19. I am much more physically attractive, thin to average body. Much shorter sure but straight back, either a lot of hair or a well kept hair when cut, shaven everyday, jawline is prominent, even more than the average person, a decent nose for an asian young adult and slender fingers. An overall look for someone to be ‘normal’, yet, my autism is there, I’m much more detailed and intelligent and know how to talk to people when necessary. Still introverted yet can lift the mood of the room, always smiling when others are nearby, pleasant exchanges. He has difficulty in expressing these normalcies, so I take the lead in this. Despite being younger I take the lead in general, I give orders. He is technically my superior but he follows me because I’m fast and get things done quickly and much more efficiently. I tell him what to do, although I’m not domineering in my speech, still soft. Despite all this, my autism really protrudes in our social lives outside of work, again I mentioned that I’m alone, I don’t socially engage outside, preferring to be by myself and never talk to anyone unless engaged with where I activate my niceness, meanwhile he’s with a group of friends outside of work, so that’s where it shows. Back to the structure of our work, I stock the Anesthesia Cart, he does the back and blades. I like doing the cart because I like stocking materials on par. I’m a perfectionist. I want things a certain amount because what my supervisor assigned us months ago is engraved in my head so I follow it and it’s become my norm even if it probably isn’t even needed anymore. The number creates certainty and I like it, and I count the syringes and whatnot. When I do my rooms alone I too count each circuit and whatnot individually, he’s
not as perfectionistic as me, he skips a lot and just stocks if it looks bad and skips if it looks enough. This angers me inside but I don’t show it, because, it doesn’t really matter. It’s just a stocking job yet a part of me wants it done the right way, even I’m not perfect all the time, yet I have much more strict standards. I sometimes check his work and correct it nicely by stocking it myself or telling him kindly, he’s aware of it and doesn’t mind it. That’s usually the flow of it, then after we finish, we clean up. He’s not a very clean person with his environment. He leaves dropped syringes and materials on the floor when stocking which angers me deeply inside. I like picking it up right away and getting the room clean before we begin stocking the OR’s. So I pick up his slack and clean it up. So, there’s this clear contrast between the two of us. When we finish, I take my OR scrub suit off in the lockers and clock out. By this time it alternates. Monday and Wednesdays are 8:00pm to 4:30pm, the rest of the weekdays are 9:00pm to 5:30pm. All 8 hour shifts. For M and W, I drive and get home around 5:00pm, take a 45 ish minute nap and wake up, prep and leave home by 6:30am, get to ASU west by 6:50, arrive to the shuttle 7:00am for my 8:00 microbio lab class, where I have this chill seatmate which kinda helps me out during lab procedures. One thing I’ve noticed is, I don’t understand procedures when given, my IA tells us, and I just stare blankly unaware, so either I just watch my labmates or ask them later on, I eventually ask them, running on 30 minutes of sleep, and when they do, there’s a moment where it clicks and I get what to do and do my part or even take charge sometimes. We get that done, we finish around 9:25am. I wait for my next class which is Anatomy lecture for 10:30am, I learn a lot from that class, taking notes. There’s a chance I do get sleepy mid lecture. I finish 11:45am, get to the shuttle stop and it arrives before 12:20. I get there, it sends me back to West by 12:45 where I wait for my Microbio Lecture for 1:30pm, by this time I’m pretty exhausted, and mid lecture I’m dozing off and not paying attention. 2:45, I walk back to the parking lot and get home 3:10pm, then either eat or sleep. I then wake up 7:30pm, prep then drive 8:20 and arrive 8:50. I do this both Tuesday’s and Thursday’s, twice a week, both excruciating days. Wednesday’s are my only off days school wise. I get home after my shift, I sleep until 1pm or 3pm, getting around 6-7 hours of sleep. Wake up, enjoy myself a bit or do homework then same procedure. Fridays, I babysit. I get home, he’s asleep, usually wakes up 9:30am, I let it drag on until 10:30am. I then get up, so that’s about 6-7am to 10am nap. I feed him milk, change his diaper and clothes, we go to the living room where I stay awake and stare at my phone, I feed him on hourly intervals, clean his poop when he does then get him to sleep around 3-4pm like I mentioned earlier. He’s growing quickly so I do have time to actually do homework and sometimes enjoy myself while he’s playing in the living room sometimes. By this time, I feed him, get him to sleep and either I finally take this time to play games and use my computer from 4pm to 7pm or nap with him. Then same procedure and that’s the week. On saturday’s my mom sometimes gets called to work, so I sometimes have to babysit again. It’s saturday right now, I just finished my spring break, I did play Factorio and ULTRAKILL last weekend, P-ranking P-2 again as a yearly thing, I had a lot of fun, but didn’t get to play at all this week, since I had to babysit almost all week except on Tuesdays and Thursdays where my mom was here so I used that to sleep and enjoy my break, although no games have been played this week, just a lot of reading since I was curious on delving deeper on enneagram subtypes, I preferred to study my interests so who knows. So yeah that’s my schedule almost everyday. I have constructed a clean Calendar, but this is all of it laid out in a detailed text form. 

Outside of routines and schedules, I don’t have addictive social media anymore, so it’s been a month and 14 days. No one has really reached out to me, other than Lia, which is nice. Although I wished for space in general, so I might’ve ghosted her. I’ll talk to her or whoever when I feel like it. The past two years have just felt “tight” for me, with my workaholic schedule and social circles — it’s nice to feel free and drop some load once in a while like friends and addictive social media. So yes, I am currently socially isolated and alone, I like it. I prefer it this way. It’s like, finding myself again. It’s like I lost myself along the years and I’m slowly recovering myself, catching unto my interests again and learning them for fun. I like it. I like being alone. Its made me realize, I don’t want romance or friends, I’m content with myself, although this isolation thing is making me want to isolate further. I want to stop talking to Dave and just do my job, I want to move out and not babysit, I just want my own time and my own space. It just feels nice. Away from this world, just me and my thoughts. 


But of course that’s
not possible. Just a dream that’s all. But that’s my life so far, there’s been a lot yet I haven’t mentioned them in this website, it’s been a jampacked 2 years. Workaholism. getting paid well, terrible schedule with little to no sleep and going to school. Overall I think despite the class’ difficulty this semester, my 10 year plan is still in effect, my job pays for my college plus scholarships so I barely had to pay tuition this semester. It’s nice, my savings is nice especially for my age. I’m pretty successful for my age, I wouldn’t say socially although I have the capabilities, since I can smooth talk to people really well, but just prefer not to. 

That’s my life. Alone but successful. 

