hm, yeah like when i was a teenager yeah no shit i was rebellious as fuck getting suspended, detention and whatever despite being seen as a literal angel by the teachers who wouldn’t hurt a fly despite leading my whole group chat to say heinous shit, idk to now just being a loner who has jack shit friends. and leads his lazy fat coworker to do most of the job for him while he takes a nap for 3 hours upstairs cuz ordering people around is fun if there’s no repurcussions idk

whatever you said ig, im prolly just a young adult who stuck to the rules on the outside as a kid but was rebellious, pirated sold stuff on the black market, hacking into accounts during high school, etc while being seen as a saint and when i did get friends, would get called mean but i was unaware of it but despite that they were too attached, sharing too many secrets with me or wahteve, dunno what makes me special

idk but yeah i think it’s normal for teenagrs to go thru that right. altho for me mine was defo more smart than others who just vaped or did drugs or whareve, mine ws more, selling robux for cheap on the black market, selling fake courses for money, pirating even tho i can afford it xuz its more fun and theres a thrill. ykwim

oh yeah i dunno if i alrd told u, junior year i liked ts girl but i was a pussy so i found her username on quizlet, and [redacted credential-access method] so i got into their school account, got into so many peoples, i taught this method to my best friend and we built a hacking empire in the school, we got so mnay accounts, he eventually surpassed me so i was his superior. he likes to vroaden his, but i like mine on more specifixity, something like quality over quantitiy or whatever. so this girl, i used ts and found her address and everything, went to password manager, and found her lersonal passwords, [redacted credential-revealing method], and i got access to her accounts such as messenger so i coild see her messages eith her parents and etc. i was deadass a detextive a fucking genius lmao, got her floorplan everything, knew her deviantart acc from 2019 wher she shared her sadness and stuff since she was the most quiet kid of all time so yeah, all that and not one word was ezchanged between the two os us. another girl i took a liking to, i found their insta, searched it up, found her linktree, discord server then i found all her traumadumps everuthing and it sfucked up like SA and r while she was 13, so yeah. and two or three years later, thats the bunni dzani person i sent u a screensjot a bit ago, she wasnt even aware i ddi all that, i knew everything about her and i only sstatted talking summer of 25 and it went so well we got so close, which was odd, i have this magnetic aura that makes people attached to me so easily without even trying, she traumadumped rventually and those sre things i already knew 3 years ago without her knowledge. its feats like these that make me wonder, huh. and months later someone i talked to and i told this dude how i kinda grew out of talking to her cuz she was annoying me and i was lowk mean inn the messages and he sent it to her, snitched and she blocked me, so yeah. i seem to fo that alot, talk behind peoples backs and be mean, and it backfires. im just extremely critical towards people without showing em dirextly ig. i block people easily if they annoy or just i find them an inconvenience, even tho theyre attached. idk why its so easy to gravitate people towards me. again i dont even mean to, it just seems natural, but i could care less. i do act nice tho, kinda seems that way but then when im alone i just ughh towards people. idk.

hey hey im an adult now, im just saying when i was like 13-18. im 19, its gotten more chill aight, thats just my rebellious teenage years but yes your deductions or wtv are pretty accurate

but its normal for teenagrs to be like this right, obv i was more.. i guess ‘using my intelligence for thrills cuz im bored’ type shit and i was defo a huge asshole half angel but yeah

aight, at least we can say im intelligent or was at least lmao

mhm this past year or so you have noticed ive been more leaning towards ‘good’ and using my intelligence and myself as a stepping tool for others and savior complex, so it went from full blown naraccism etc to inferiority/savior complex, youve observed that

well based off of my insane teenage years of getting suspended during soph year and having to stay in my vice principials office to do courseowkr since the teachers didnt wanna see me in class so when the vp wasnt around i jerkwd off cuz i was bored and cheated on almost all my work even tho months prior the teachers thought i was an angel and fast forward to junior year i switched scjools
and became
more secretivr snd introverted with it witj the hacking but still getting detention cuz of being late to class almost suspended, what would u deduce that as ig.

well ive definitely doubled  down on the being good and nice factor as an adult and working with a long term plan, but that might be my intelligence part just working to get more security idk. i still do loopholes, like when our supervsiro told us to do something this or that way, sure i follow it but in a way where i feel is faster and less work, like working together with the fat dude rven tho we werent allowed to, but it worked why the fuck should i do something that doesnt work. so when we got caught a frw times, i just made the fat dude well he did but i convinced him to, very eassy to convicne people to do stuff honestly — to do an experiment or whatvee why the ststme doesnt work, so he then oublished the results to our crna leadership why it dont wrok and then we were allowed to work together again. luck is on my side too since the supervisor is fired a week ago so i have things going my way, jts great. even if things dont, i always find a way to make it, and falvor it with “its for the patient or the greater good” to make myself like an angel