Date: 2026-03-29 06:50:22

Title: Savior Complex Blabber.

hm. it's just. i've noticed a habit of mine when i wasn't socially isolated was to help others. fix others. to fix them. give them advice on their problems, listen to their problems so well that they always mention how im so good at it, im such a good listener. sure i have a bad habit of trying to fix it right awya but one of them back then mentioned to just listen haha and i did. i got to feats of making people who dont spill a lot about their lives to tell me of all people. strangesr from the internet back when i used to use wizz when i was merely 17, were telling me their problems and i was fixing them. strangers on discord, anyone. i don't know why. and i like it. you know this much about me. how i love learning about other people's lives and their problems, and how i love fixing them. i resonate deeply with savior complex. but throughout my life especially during this past month or so almost 3, ive socially isolated so im just by myself. i like it, since im introspective and have time to myself, which made me think, i like being selfish, but not really. ive always wanted to be a good person to everyone, to help them. when people were down, i didn't take advantage of their loneliness to make them my girlfriends, instead i became their friend, and instead they along the way were the ones to confess. someone like me. im doing this, this whole plan, this workaholic schedule of mine eveyrthing in my life, medicine and such, to help. for others. balancing work, life and babysitting because i love my baby brother and my soon baby sister. despite how hard it is all, sure i do aspire for more time for myself but at the end of the day, everything i do is for others. im selfish in a way where i feel superior to my parents. in my age, they had the support of their parents and grandparents in college, getting drunk and having sex. me, no. im working, withstanding doing my best. so this mindset has always been a thing of mine since i was a kid. i wanted to be better. so i never thoguht of my parents that much as parents, more like obstacles. i wanted to be the parent. ive always been self sufficient since i was a kid, so i wanted to be above them. and they're aware of that, doing their taxes and such. i'm an intelligent child. made my first 20k when i was 18. everything. but despite it all, in my sense of seeing myself as above, its to help, in a way i still see it as a sense of inferiority complex, im inferior so i have to be better and be this workaholic to prove that. and in that way, i do exxagerate my achievements, i do. i am a show off after all. even when things are falling apart, i tell my parents and some friends back then that things were going all right, all going to plan, good grades and what not, and sure it was afloat but at the end of the day, its just to be seen as someone, like an example. during that party when i was described as prim and proper, the mother thought of me as an example of a formal and good man, i liked that. i like it when others express their thing for me. that im somehow unique to them. fullfilling both an exterior that protrudes success but also when i get to talk to them personally, fixing them and whatnot, how they feel like theyre being heard and whatnot. idk why, it just feels natural to me to do such things, it doesnt take effort, to sense their emotions and can see where conversations are heading so well that somehow, even strangers can see me this way. a mix of superiority vs inferiority, i am a complicated individual. smiling and showing kindness yet cold and calculating. introverted but still can go with social conventions well and can even get extroverted. although lean towards the former. this savior complex that's fueling me. to ordinary people, my dreams my goal everything is stupid, so childish imaginations that seem so exaggerated almost like a novel, but it genuinely is the fuel that's keeping me going in life. i romanticize my goals, and if sad, i double down, going almost poetic and like a writer as u have seen with my diaries from years ago. im not a concrete man, i live in an imaginary world yet have the assertion to keep going and being succesful in life. Ambition fuels me, not for myself but for others, that's the purpose of medicine. i genuinely have thoguhts of: "yes ill help people, maybe even save the world etc". my mind is so childish yet this is whats getting me farther than others. maybe famous people whove done a lot in life think the same, who knows. delusion. It might also be because of my name: Neo. It's such a fantastical name, futuristic? who knows, but it's something beyond this world, and its made me think this way. pragmatic yet fantastical. I am Neo. helping others, fixing them yet doesnt want to share much about himself in conversations, but does in his stories in instagram, showing almost everything he does that day, thats his way to feel recognized to let others know of his life, but a part of him is aware that others dont care as much. people are selfish after all, he himself is proof of that, but he is a mixture of overshare and not sharing at all. a living contradiction. Cold and calm not as expressive, but can feel peoples emotions from a mile away. thinking hes not emotional at all, a robot, yet he is extremely. instead, focuses on the emotions of others than himself. was a leader in sophomore year, led a group. a natural leader somehow despite being kinda introverted. when hes bored and joins discord servers, becomes popular instantly, rallying people up and others laughing at his jokes, his charisma protrudes, until he gets banned by a shitty mod but he doesnt care. at least he had fun. this is evident, he has the power to command, yet be introverted. feeling others yet cold. odd isn't it. This is Neo.

