Date: 2026-03-16 19:20:16

Title: She Loves Me, She Loves Me Not.

No matter how hard I seem to try, I always fail. I’ve been doing everything, isolating myself — dedicating myself to this entirely, setting up proper study strategies, yet I never grasp success. I’ve never stooped this low and it’s beckoning me to try harder yet my effort is not reciprocated. Reminiscent to my overall attempts throughout my life, I try yet the result is unsatisfactory, rewarding me with bare bones results, ranging from personal pursuits to these. I am successful in other facets, but it’s always like the less I try the better the outcome. The more I become a piece of shit to others the more I attract, the kinder I am the opposite of what I want comes. Unreciprocated efforts make pursuing and the doing the act less worth it or necessary. The ‘right’ way always seems to fail, and I am cornered, drowning in failures caused by sadistic punches thrown at me by this unwelcoming universe. Its wrath is merciless when I show it love and care, like the resistance to a fluid dynamics problem, it hardens the path to success, incentivizing a path to least resistance an attractive route. I spiral in circles inside my head, plucking petals of ‘is it worth it’ or ‘is it not’. Usually, the result is not one I like, so I pluck more imaginary ones until the plucking lasts for eternity, and in the end, there’s nothing but petals inside my head designed to appease my anxiety, to reassure me that this world is not as sadistic as I think it is. Delusions keep me astray from insanity engulfing me completely, so I pluck away, real and imaginary until the latter fills the majority, blurring the lines between real and fantasy; thus, living in a world of complete delusion and a worldview my mind has completely made up with a lack of actual world experience, believing that I, somehow am succesful when in reality I am not. Aside from my other successes in life, it’s a mere thread clinging me, one mistake is enough to send me back. My volition is worthless in the face of the real world, I can get swayed around like a puppet with strings stitched on my hands and fingers, controlling my every movement, to appease the crowd that applauses. But I open my eyes, and there is no crowd, only me, appeasing my own delusions, living my mental dreams, a fantasy constructed by a child seeking of love, abandoned a long time ago, now expressionless with an inner void that fills him, completely devoid of the urge to cry for help. Like a floating head on top of a pile of meat that he knows the names of extensively. He doesn’t treat this meat well, he sees it more as a disposable tool he can throw away at any time it stops him from completing his goals. This child dreams of many, completes few, but designs it as if these ‘few’ are bigger than they are to delude him. Outside of his so called ‘success’ are nothing but destructive thoughts, designed to entrap him to the falsehood of the ‘American Dream’, a dead dream written by long forgotten writers from centuries ago in an America bygone. An idea still adhered to like it hasn’t died long ago, yet we still adhere to it. This child clings to it, his childish imaginations blurring with the excruciating sceneries of reality, believes in this dream, it is his fuel, or is it? Deep inside, this child believes in no dream, in him lies emptiness. There is no dream to be found, only a philosophy that can ressemble that of Nihilism. He makes fun of it, sees its logical flaws and melancholic nature, yet this is the true idea he believes in, not one of success and dreams, but of complete defeatism. He sees no value in love or success, he never has. He’s given up a long time ago, and now just follows whatever impulses his head thinks of to distract himself from the harsh truth of reality. Constructs made from ancient human minds to help us not succumb to insanity, because if these didn’t exist, we would all jump to our deaths to Philosophical Suicide. But he has accepted defeat. Others seek love, he seeks to be alone. He attempted once, he truly did, he tried to love; although, a rocky start, firstly, withdrawing but the other sought to question his withdrawal, so this gave him courage to try, and he did. He lost friends and opportunities because of this, but in exchange, he found, Love. Maybe he did, he doesn’t know what love is, he never felt it. There he emulated what love felt, following societal expectations for what it might’ve been. They texted everyday, talked at night inside the car — skipping classes because of ‘love’. One week, he was curious and tried looking up his girlfriend’s former boyfriend, and to his surprise, this man was in the same class as him a semester ago, he asked more details, but the more details he received, the sadder he got, until he realized that this man was her first kiss. This broke his heart. He was prepared for love, yet, love was never prepared to show itself to him, so he turned grey, attempting to withdraw once again, he had realized something else. She was not someone to love, but instead, someone to ‘just have fun with’. Have fun he did, he rushed his perfect ideal for a ‘first kiss’. He kissed her on a disgusting and putrid environment, in a stupid parking lot. Writing this angers me, my first kiss, in a stupid parking lot, just because that detail from his ex made me jealous, i regret every second of it, but alas we kissed. The child kissed her, having never kissed anyone before, rushed right away. Tongue, saliva all in swirling motion, not one of intimacy fueled by romance, but of rush and to simply ‘try it out’. It felt disgusting, but he had to, otherwise, he’d lose this opportunity. This relationship was fragile, like it could break any second. Chaos is the perfect word, it started off terribly and at this point on, was on the brink of collapse. Even after his first kiss, he was ready to break it off, any second. They reconciled two weeks later, it sparked back up, from kissing to making out and his gluttony grew. He wanted more of her — romantically? maybe out of love? No. He never truly loved her, he just wanted to experience Lust. He loved her at first, but realizing who she truly was, he saw her more like an experience to be had with than someone destined for life. She too had realized this weeks later, even when he grew more ‘intimate’ with his touches, he was more withdrawn and preferred not to share much of his life from that point on, which was a contrast to their early interactions, where he freely shared himself to her, instead now just forcing her open physically for his lustful wishes. It’s pathetic, but men are men. I hated this, I never wanted this, I loved her, but that picture of her disappeared, if only I was more ignorant — living in bliss. From kisses to the curling of her hair, to the touch of her waist, her clavicles, her arms, her thighs and her breast. He wanted more, he grew bored from every kiss, he wanted to keep going, but something struck him later on. He realized something, he had grown bored. He had realized he never wanted this. He didn’t just want someone to exchange lustful theatrics with, instead, he wanted to love her. So, he sought her romantically again, drawing pictures of her, dreaming of her as his wife, and him as his husband; however, at this point, she lost sight of their future, he was just a regular man to her now. She too, grew bored. He noticed it, he saw the way she acted, the way her words flew out. His intuition grew into paranoia then denial. He was in denial of what was to come. He foresaw what was going to happen a month away. He knew she had lost interest in him. Like a child throwing tantrums, crying to get the attention of its parents, his childish instincts seeped out of him. Not through crying, but through insanity. He grew insane, everyday he spiraled into thousands of thoughts on what to do to change the incoming future, the impending event that would destroy him. She lacked his reciprocacy, he edited videos made for her, like Gatsby that threw parties to attract his Daisy. He tried, but to no avail. Days later, he too gave up, she did the same. One tiny crack was all that was needed to destroy this puny relationship, and there it happened. One argument rooted from the child expressing his excitement for his hedonistic desires to simply show joy for his upcoming game, showing his old art he made when he was in High School — a dark time for him, that fueled much of his creativity. He proceeded to get bombarded with comments, which didn’t sit right with her, then one thing led to another. 

The child is alone now. 

He dreams of her everynight. He tries hard not to, through various vices like workaholism and studying fields that interest him. All of this is in vain, as she seeps back into his unconscious. He records some of it, most of it — forgotten. He tries to at least, and that counts. 

It’s been a year now, it still feels as if it was fresh from yesterday. She was the only one to make him like the feeling of touch. Everybody else annoys him, he despises getting touched or touching. He has extreme personal boundaries, but he liked it when it was the feeling of her fingers on his cheek, or her slender hands caressing his hair. He misses much of it, but he knows it’s over. He’s had his fun, and it’s time for him to move on, or moreso, return to himself, back to his shell, his own reality, one he’s fabricated himself. He now edges between hope and nihilism. She defeated that belief of hopelessness in him, she is the hope he aspired to find for years. She is his fuel, even if she doesn’t exist anymore, in his tangible world at least. He sees visions of her sometimes, molding in the real world, seeping its way to his peripherals. She’s here, she’s there, both in the real world and in her dreams. At least the dreams have caught on, a revolving theme of her moving on, while he hasn’t. Her with friends, while he’s alone. At least it’s realistic now. It’s better.

I’m more lucid when I’m alone. I don’t need anyone. I feel much more at ease. I hated it at first, so I dreamt of being in a relationship, but now, I’m fine. I actually like this, living in my inner world. Thoughts amuse me, the real world is just a blur. I started going outside without my glasses again, it’s been 4 weeks. It gives me the ability to skip most details in life and just let my mind do the rendering. It stimulates me in a way, for me, my head to do the work. Detached and disconnected from everything again. Away from social media, no news to tell me what’s going on — ironic, since there’s the Iran War going on, but I could care less, other than the gas prices purging through my wallet. I don’t need anything, or anyone. I’m just by myself. Alone. Reminiscing and picking out good memories, leaving out bad ones, which was the majority of it. That’s what I like with short bursts of good times in my life. I can leave it, record it and keep it in my head as fuel to keep going. I have no idea what she’s doing now, but she’s definitely happier. I always wanted her to be with friends, I felt uncomfortable  when she was just with me. It felt like trapping her, but now she’s free. I always wanted her to be with other people, maybe soon, somebody else. That’s nice. 

Hm. I guess it wouldn’t be bad time to talk about my problems dealing with relationships. I have a struggle being in one, because I feel an immense guilt when I’m ‘assigned’ to be the boyfriend, I go spiral into thoughts like, “Why not someone else” or “Why me”. It’s been a common occurrence now. It’s like I have to work extremely hard for it so I can feel like I deserve something, even harder for ‘someone’, since it’s an actual human being, the guilt multiplies. Guilt plays a big role in my life. I don’t know why I’m always guilty. I live in guilt, always in this state of wishing I’m not a nuisance to anybody. So, goodluck trying to be friends with me, let alone be in a relationship with me.

At least they don’t last long, they always realize there’s always someone better. And when that time comes, the guilt goes away. I just wish they never thought of being in my life to begin with. Selfish, I know, just to appease my immense feelings of guilt, but what can I do. It’s a mixed bag, one day I’m longing, then another I wish I had never existed. One day I want to rule the world and reform it, one day I want to die. One day I’m Napoleon, one day I’m Kafka. One day an eagle, then another a pathetic worm. This and that, my mind just can’t make one decision who to be. Worthless or an egomaniac. I’d choose the latter, delusion gets you far in life, but hurting other people’s feelings, despite surprisingly how successful you get in gathering friends with it, hurts my feelings too. I don’t want to be a brute, but the world forces you to, it’s like people are masochists and want to be treated like trash, and if you act too kind, they see you as boring. It doesn’t make any sense. Then they call you mean, but you don’t want to be. You can play the role of a bully really well, but I don’t want to be, I just want to be friends, but if I don’t wanna be seen as a creep to others and a total simp, then I have to play the role of someone mean even when I don’t want to. Somehow, being mean has always been the best strategy in getting friends for me, contrary to who I actually am. I’m not actually mean, but I have to play this persona, otherwise, I’m lonely, like right now. I gave it up, so now I’m alone. It’s worth it, I like being myself.

I can switch from being silent to a total hypermaniac in a second, although it doesn’t last long. It can span much longer with others, but usually not that much. This complicates my perception of myself. I don’t know how I usually act, who I really am. To others, I’m quiet, to others I’m mixed. In general though, I am quiet. This blurs who I really am. Of course I have to act a certain way to lift the atmosphere and not drag the two of us to complete boredom. Someone has to do it. One day I can yap away, then another I play therapist, examining your personal stories and giving you intriguing questions. One day I want to rule the world, then another I’m contemplating the integrity of everyone’s current philosophy and questioning why everyone hasn’t succumbed to nihilism yet. 

It’s so easy to change my mood, like a sponge that can change from one thing to another, it never sticks to just one. But beneath all that, the melancholy still persists, the longing is still there, yet the desire to not drown from people also exists. It’s a mix of everything, a blur of the concrete, questions lead to more questions, answers that end with question marks, and periods that go on like an ellipsis, like a series of infinity. Thoughts upon thoughts upon thoughts upon thoughts upon thoughts upon thoughts upon thoughts. The End is non existent, there is only more. 

I thought it was the end. “I think we should Break up”, is a line that lingers so vividly in the back of head. What rings louder is my response, said in a tone so jubilant, brimming with naivety of what to come. I could’ve denied it, I could’ve said, we can fix it. But no, I answered what she wanted, not aware that she included “I think”. What did that mean. Did it mean she just thought of it? I thought it of it many times, but never once declared it in actuality. I thought she did, but she phrased it like a ‘maybe’. If I wasn’t so naive, I could’ve refuted, asked why, challenged this notion, and the dominoes would’ve fallen another way, or would that just prolong the inevitable. Who knows. Maybe what I did was necessary for her own good, or maybe my stupidity destroyed something special. Thoughts, too many thoughts, spiraling in and out. I hate it. I just wanted what she wanted, so I responded, but I didn’t think. I never expected she’d say it. I didn’t know what I did wrong, I don’t think I did any. She said I wasn’t intimate enough, if so, we could’ve changed that, I could’ve initiated more, but that’s not me, that’s unlike me. That’s someone else, someone you’ve dated before, Him. He’s the complete antithesis of me, more prudent and deliberate, not afraid to touch you, I was. I recoiled at the thought of making you uncomfortable. Every move of mine was calculated, quadrillions of thoughts went before I even proceeded to caress your silky smooth hair, resembling that of petals that softly said, ‘She loves me’, only for that final call with her to end with ‘She loves me Not’. Alas, my distance hurt you more than I had anticipated, my anxiety deprived you of the love I could’ve given. I understand. So with that, you take that love somewhere else, to someone else. That night felt white, not of void or nothingness, but a state of constant ringing that I couldn’t get out of my ears, no matter how many times I clasped my earfolds shut, it persisted. It rang like my brain had just burst, like a bullet had just shot straight through my head with a message of “She Loves Me Not” layered on the bullet’s shell, one so sharp it could penetrate the hardest material of all, Love.

I admit, I did actually love her. My mind is one that shouldn’t be trusted, whatever I write can either be filled with lies or the truth. The first half of this diary might be a figment of my melancholic nature, seeking something sad for the sake of it, but the later half might lean more towards reality, what I actually felt. I do miss her, I did love her, I loved her so much I never wanted to scare her, make her uncomfortable. I did try to be intimate, skipping classes just to spend more time with her, but it wasn’t enough. She didn’t text me enough, every second she didn’t reply was a thought inside my head of her love for me slowly fading away. I’m insecure, and I didn’t show it. I was scared to show her this side of me. No man wants to be seen as weak by his loved one, so I put up this act, someone strong, but in the end, I revealed who I truly was, putrid, pathetic and no different to a child seeking love from people he loves. I loved her, I truly did, but now it’s gone. She’s moved on, I haven’t. I persist in loneliness because it hurts. I want to feel hurt, I like this painful feeling of isolation, because I deserve it. I don’t deserve her, I never did, instead, I deserve the spikes that come after. For my Crime, I atone and in return, I seek punishment. 

The last year has just been this. All in circles, wishing that night was all a nightmare that hadn’t occured, but everyday I wake up to the harsh reality that it did. She hates me now. I’m fine with that. It’s better this way. I deserve it. My fraudulence is stripped away, the mask I put up has been discarded. This is the real me, pathetic and sad. At least, it feels real. I can show the true me, a sinful sorry excuse. You have finally seen Neo. Now make fun of him, tell others of his putrid life. Satisfy your inner desires that you’ve kept so long, stop pretending to be kind and show the world how you truly feel. Spit at him, beat him. He deserves nothing but the worst, the most cruel acts are destined for him for eternity. This is his Punishment, his own personal hell. He’s already living in it, why not make it worse, show him what true hell is like. Let him burn. Pathetic, stupid, short, ugly, a sorry excuse of a human being. 

Neo truly is pathetic isn’t he.



