Date: 2026-04-16 16:31:21

Title: Tender Moment

I’m content with how things have been, and there’s nothing wrong these past few months, as it’s all been quiet and calm — an atmosphere I needed after a chaotic year. But it never hurts to say that the comfort of another person, embracing the touch of someone else who reciprocates your feelings where no words are exchanged, gazes alone can tell what’s needed between us two and that’s all I need, to feel calm in this world that can bring sudden surprises, where maybe I can be at ease holding someone precious in my arms as they return a heartwarming smile that blurs both the future and past, bringing me only to this present moment, and I’m left with nothing else but a smile on my face. People often desire to be cold and indifferent towards the world, wishing their feelings weren’t obstructions to their goals, wishing only to fulfill tasks in a society that incentivizes achievements and numbers. Maybe it’s envy, always seeking what I don’t have, but others seek what I have as well don’t they? and what might that be, well that’s the cold and my inexpressive facial musculature I have, showing nothing but slight warmth to others but nothing else extraordinary, others I grow ‘close’ with then see my norm, someone who doesn’t react much, lacking of external emotionality, so that’s why people think I don’t have feelings. It’s been said to me various times I have little to no emotional intelligence, which is odd since I can read emotions without even having to look people in the eyes, I can just ‘feel’ it, but I’m boxed into this little cage inside their heads as someone incapable of feeling, and eventually I accepted that myself, maybe I am what others tell me who I am, but as I ventured deeper into myself a year ago, the more that statement held less truth. But alas, nothing can be done when the damage has already happened, my liberty to change who I am won’t revise what others think of me, and I can’t do much about it; I am an inexpressive, nonchalant, cold and indifferent boy that’s no different to an inanimate object in one’s surroundings, with the stark difference only that of having the intelligence to ‘fix’ other people’s problems, personal or something systematic, I just love fixing things or giving people advice as that’s the only thing I can do for others from my otherwise unremarkable life, people come to me for solutions, and once they received them, they leave — nothing changes, it’s all the same for me. I am ambitious, taking on too many things at once just to feel some sort of ignition in my life to think of myself as someone special, different from others. Look at me, I get little no sleep, speaking of which, I only had an hour of sleep today, but this form of masochism helps me, it helps me cope with the feeling that I’m no different from others if not worse, lacking a social life, having little to no importance really, so I make myself look special, my abundance of wealth for someone my age, my stacked resume, my extremely busy schedule that’s extremely detrimental to my health, but to me, I don’t care much, the more sleep I lose, the more I give to a world that I owe to, the more I feel at ease, otherwise, the ruminating guilt burdens me to do something meaningful, to not leech off of society, and to give myself to it. I’m confused what kind of dynamic I hold with society as a whole, is it inferiority complex? if so, then why do I see others as inferior for not being capable of exhibiting the same feats I do, people are pathetic, having to rely on others for financial guidance, leeching off of their parents for college, relying entirely on systems, when I want to do everything by myself, I pay for my college, I pay for my bills, I don’t want to be owed anything, I want everything up to me, it’s gotten to the point that I wanted to make my parents jealous ever since I was younger, I wanted to be better somehow, it started intellectually, solving problems that related to technology, where they would come to me for solutions, and I wanted more, I wanted to be completely reliable to the point of independence, so I started paying my bills, then their bills, to show that I am not a leech, I am myself, so they’d stop calling me as one, so they’ll feel guilt when they argue with me, other parents compare me to their kids and I’m seen as this hardworking and preem example of what a kid should be, and I like it, it feels nice being in this position. However, a part of me does seek calm as well, I don’t want to entirely succumb to workaholism even though I already am, but to suddenly fall back, I’ll lose everything, it’s not money, it’s not security, it’s my worth, I’ve grown, people envy me now, and my parents who were my age leeched off of their parents for college, instead of working, fucked and had me as their baby, got drunk or whatever, they’re pathetic, but me, I’m premium, I’m someone who’s hard working and willing to persevere, I don’t succumb to hedonism, I am Neo, even if it means losing out on social opportunities, missing on growing other fields, so be it. I did try though, last year, I skipped classes to be with my girlfriend at the time, made out with her and such, but my parents would always ruin it, call me during the session, stalk me by going to my school while we were parked in the school, and when I’d go home late at night, they’d lock the door on me, so It’s safe to assume on your case that I hated them, I despised them, I wanted to feel like a teenager for once, to be like an ordinary kid going through a dating life and such, but even I couldn’t have that, and now I lost all of them. As a retaliation, I will be better than all of you, I’m sick of you, so I want to be placed somewhere higher than your pathetic lives, I want to grow up and if you were to live in my mansion, kick you out out of resentment from my teenage years. They take me for granted, I think I’ve expressed my spite towards them for years now throughout my diaries; although, despite these comments, rest assured, I don’t express them outright, I hold it in, let it seethe for years like the good child I am, because there’s still the fear of getting kicked out when I do, and other such things, so I pretend to be this nice young adult that does chores and take it in even when I despite their every living second. Well, I hate them when I think about it, but on normal days, I don’t feel it, I only realize how much I hate them when I think about my past, and it fuels me with rage inside, but when I’m at home, I’m numbed out, I just want to sleep from the tireless nights of working and going to school or read a book or play video games. I can’t express my anger, I never do, I’m expressionless and no matter what I do, I can’t quite put it out for the world to see how much I feel, to others I am a walking robot who doesn’t complain about my tiring life, but if that brings me any closer to my goals then so be it. But I return to my dynamic with society, it’s confusing, is it inferiority? is it superiority? I can’t quite pinpoint. I see myself as inferior merely due to my genetics that again I blame my parents for such as my short height but everything else I am quite content on such as my conscientiousness and wealth to really do anything, I’ve planned out the next few years and I have a clear idea where it’s headed, and even then I’m not so strict on it, I’m flexible to opportunities as long as I remain successful, adaptability is pivotal in life after all. Early on my diaries, the more I read them, the more I feel sad for myself, I hated myself because of the sites I browsed such as 4chan and going through communities like Blackpill, hating myself because I couldn’t get a relationship, but in reality, nowadays, I’m not really interested, I’ve lost all desire to get into one, so if I’m not even bothered to, then there’s no use of these self-detrimenting comments about my appearance, since I’ve also gotten a glowup from my age. I don’t hate my appearance  as much as before surprisingly, and I know that if I tried, I could easily get in a relationship and that’s not even mentioning my achievements, simply myself, I’ve grown to be better at social interactions too, I’ve become more smooth and the more I realize it, I am better than most other men in that regard, but of course, there’s still the height which is an issue, but I’ve grown to realize that it doesn’t matter that much over the years. All that depression, that pain and sadness I harbored for years was all for nothing, simply because I browsed too much 4chan, but maybe there was a reason I succumbed to it so easily, and why sadness feels familiar and good to me, it cradles me and the warmth of its touch makes me feel at home — I like being sad, it’s more me, even if it hurts I can’t get away from the pain it brings, I can only write and express this sadness as it serves as a fuel to my creative nature. It makes me think, I might be sad for other reasons, but at least it’s because of things I lack anymore, since I’m surprisingly well off now, better in wealth, skill, reputation, looks and my social smoothness. I do feel a lacking still sometimes since I’m aloof and alone after all, I don’t have a social life, but I never thought much sadness of it, and instead a calmness it brings, although it still would be a nice feeling to have, friends to come to, people to share your thoughts with or listen to. I only have one person I talk to every night at work and that’s my coworker, he listens a lot, I’ve shared lots of topics with him, but like how people probably perceive me, he himself is quite inexpressive too, I don’t think he cares much about things I talk about, since I too want him to talk more since I usually play listener so this is an odd dynamic. I already talked about Dave in one of my diaries on full detail, he’s more of someone who follows my orders, and I take the lead. But alas, he’s still a person, someone who listens to me and the only person who kinda does nowadays in my lonely year of 2026, so I at least have to appreciate that, but even then, it’s like talking to a brick wall, there’s nothing much to get from it, a bit but if I were to leave the job, he wouldn’t be no different to a flash of memory that I’ll forget instantly, well like all people are I guess. I’ve left so many friends over the years, all I have now is myself. I at least use him to better my expressions, to be more ‘emotional’ and show whatever human attributes there are, but alas, he still thinks of me as someone who’s not really expressive, which is surprising, I can’t quite tell who I am on the inside versus the outside, it’s so different that I don’t know how others see my exterior, who and what should I trust. Am I really that inexpressive, cold and unemotional, if so, then as much as I try, there’s nothing I could do, but to just listen and fix people’s problems if they’re willing to share but at an emotional disconnect, as they share, they’ll probably just see me as a brick too, and a mere flash of memory they’ll forget, just someone to pump words to and leave, while I take in everyone’s memories and lives and mix them as an amalgamation of myself, all of everyone into my personality. But I don’t know, I thought that way, but Lia thought otherwise, calling me a bestfriend, and also Dzani noticing that I don’t share anything about myself, treated me well almost like her boyfriend but that’s a havoc I don’t wanna get into, since in reality, she actually did have one that she hid from everyone, showing me more to her friends, ugh. That’s probably why I’m just numbed out now, not really seeking relationships this year. Well, who knows. But this is just a little short diary I wanted to share, a little update. I thought of myself as an emotional individual, but I guess others say otherwise, so I don’t even know myself. Do I see myself as inferior or superior, I’m not sure. I truly am a living contradiction. 

