Date: 2024-02-28 16:56:36

Title: anger ..

nothing is changing. every day is the same after another. It's growing worse and I thought the past few months were bad, but this is just exhausting. I just wanna stay in my dreams a little longer without having to feel the vibration of my phone's alarm, and the loud sound that plays to wake me up. It's the same loop over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. 

I feel stuck, in a mud where I can't breathe, where I can't get out, and it's slowly swallowing me until I'm suffocated. My statement regarding the fact that life feels like there's no light at the end of the tunnel grows true day by day. 

// update hours later

punching walls wont do shit.  my knuckles are red and my anger is brewing. Everything keeps going to shit. I cant hold this much longer. I feel like cracking one day. Everyday my mom asks me if there’s something wrong with me mentally and if I have to seek therapy. Im not even showing signs, what prompts that bitch to ask me these questions, that fucking asshole has no right to fucking …. AAAAAaaaaaAaa…

I do your fucking tasks and chores even when I’m exhausted from hours of excruciating pain, and a small tiny mistake is worth enough for you fuck me over. Im mentally tired and of course expect shit to happen, but nope fucking barade me with your bullshit because of one simple issue. When you make several mistakes because youre fucking retarded Im soft with you because youre slow, a fucking retard. You dont know how much i wanna blow your head off and fucking kill you, stab you with the sharpest knife i could find at fast intervals, until i could hear your screams of horror dissipate.

Youre lucky you have a child, so even I can’t shout at you to call you a stupid fucking bitch.

I have to fucking do this piece of shit everyday and take care of your piece of shit after having to suffer mentally at school yet you don’t even acknowledge my suffering. You dont care, because you dont think, youre subhuman, youre not capable of thinking what its like from my position, you expect everything to go your way, you stupid fat short fucking bitch.

Why the fuck would my stupid piece of shit dad even marry your retarded ass. Why the fuck did you even conceive me in the first place, everything, ALL just for your pleasure. 

im sick of this.. why cant i live in my dreams, where its so much more fun, where if i dislike it, i could just wake up and go to another dream.

I wish this world was all a bad dream, and I can’t wait to wake up.

