Date: 2024-01-06 10:41:00

Title: cant get over her

it’s so hard. [REDACTED]..

At this point I’ll just call her or them L.

It’s been a year but I can’t move on. We were talking about her in a discord vc with my friends, and how the only girl I’m attracted to and has stayed interested only in one individual is her. L.

There are others that pop up in my dreams and there’s one lately that’s been showing up a lot, which might mean something but the fact she keeps showing up is starting to become a norm; however, L is still there behind it all and I can’t stop thinking about her for a year or two now.

I’ve had a lot of dreams about her too. My mind making up different voices for her, because she never revealed hers to anyone at all. I do know what she sounds like, I won’t say how I found out, but I do.

She popped up in the conversation, and even though I gave up on L months ago, I still can’t let go of the fact that she’s still a persistent entity  in the back of my mind.

No one in my entire existence has a girl been in the back of my mind for this long. It’s almost weird, and like a magnet that keeps me attracted to her both physically and especially personality wise.

She’s a gamer and quiet like me. She draws and we share many interests such as video editing. She felt like the girl version of me. It’s like my own reflection.

I wouldve wrote so much more about her back in the day. I actually did but not in this site. I had so much to talk about her. I don’t know what makes her special to me. but it just does.

She definitely does not like me, and sees me as a creep and weirdo, but I just wish in another world, there was an instance we we’re together. I just wish. It doesn’t have to be me, but that idea feels nice.

You can say.. I love her. 

But it’s too late. The opportunity is long gone. So what’s the point. I’ll miss that excitement you brought me everytime I went to class L. I know you’re not even aware of my existence, but just know I’d love to be with you. That would be my dying wish.

To die holding your intricate beautiful hands.

