Date: 2024-04-25 05:16:32

Title: copium.

Still grounded, and no access to my computer, so I can't distract myself by playing video games, so I just resorted to installing addicting applications from my shitty iPhone. I reinstalled TikTok, and the last time I used it was back in August of 2022. Sucked into Instagram Reels, and this is my new life now. Just doom scrolling. I was so optimistic, so ready for a new chapter to grind and prepare for the AP Exams, but just one minor bad thing can lead to such out of proportion consequences, it's almost unfair.

I'm currently typing this in my pitch black room at  10:19 pm, and I sleep early now because I have nothing to do, unless my friend, Emir, decides to call me in Discord and share screen his CS 2 gameplay, which is at least better than rotting away and scrolling for an infinite amount of time. It's been depressing lately, and have no incentive to really study. I'm not even studying for the AP Exams anymore, and I've already accepted I'm either getting a 3 or straight up failing. 

The day before that fiasco, I was locked in, and ready to attempt a daily AP Review session, but just like last year, where I was so prepared to start making videos for my YouTube channel, out of nowhere bad news strikes again. Life is unfair, and it strikes at the worst moments, and this is possibly the worst time it did, because I'm so close to my AP Exams, and a sudden spike of my mental illnesses is not something I was expecting to occur. 

Scrolling through Reels, it has become my new shit for Blackpill, even though I usually get those from 4chan on the r9k board, but here we are. Even more depressed than ever, and I miss that sudden spike of joy the day before that happened, and I was so ready to finally start the grind, and a new chapter specifically to pass these exams, but something out there, just believed that that just shouldn't be the case.

My suicidal tendencies have always been volatile, but everyday feels more excruciating. I have to take care of my "parents"' child, and at least when I did so, the reward would be to just rest by using my computer at night, but it doesn't even feel rewarding anymore. The child will cry, and I'll just suffer and deal with it, and be the big brother and take care of him, until they get home, and even when they get home, it feels unfulfilling. It's the same loop over and over and over and over and over until I graduate or turn 18. 

I've been searching for methods to access the black market to acquire fentanyl, and hopefully overdose on them and finally die peacefully; however, it's tough. I do have TOR on my iPhone, but it's just finding the right sources that I can buy from, plugs if you will, is the issue.

While I'm still looking for reliable plugs, at least back in Monday, it was a pretty good day, they returned my Chromebook which is the same thing I'm typing on right now, and I had fun that day. I cut class during ELA, because we had nothing to do, and the teacher was very chill regarding it. Hung out with Alec and Eddy or whatever he wants to be called. It was fun, just walking around and talking and eventually returned to class, then all that. Also got looks from girls that day for some reason, and I remember taking the Calculus Test on my teacher's computer (because I wasn't given the Chromebook yet at that time), she was just looking at me a little too long, which I presume is because they're interested? or maybe they just liked my shirt or something I don't know. I still don't know who that person is, and I never looked back, because I was too focused on the test, which I got a 7 on. When Alec and I were dismissed from our classes, we actually had cool stuff to talk about such as him being raised in Wyoming, but was taught Russian exclusively and was only proficient in English at 4th grade, which is an interesting fact. Got comments how the shirt made my chest protrude and my biceps bigger, which made them assume I lifted? which I didn't, but I guess shirts make a difference or something.

Overall Monday was good. Tuesday was fine, but felt like crap. No comments, just nothing. Got bad comments but I won't talk about them. Only good thing was when I played ULTRAKILL during class, and made it into 6-1, which is in the middle part of Heresy, so I'm close to the second Gabriel Fight. I loved the Ship of Fools, and almost got a few P ranks here and there. Another was the fact we went to Ping Pong Club. Alec and I had no idea how to play but we did anyways. Got wrecked by this guy who did not go easy on us, which Alec hated, which surprised me but I didn't really care. There was a girl who was probably not competent like us, so another non competent on the fight would've been more fair, but our team (named Autism) lost anyway. Fun at first but we started to hate it later on, so we just went out. Talked for a bit, but not as interesting as Monday; however, he did talk about Elliot Rodgers, and honestly it made me think that he probably had the perception of himself as an incel, even though that's far from the truth. I won't make a rant about it, because I already spilled all that in my newest Instagram post, one where Gavin even commented on. We talked about how he should be a Chad and just spread his seed everywhere without protection or a care in the world, and how they should just deal with it, and it's obviously a joke, but it's a nod to how males with privileged looks can somehow achieve this in the dating scene, and hit one night stands and hookups. He was also talking about how his girl needed to be autistic with the wolf cut and have bpd, even though he doesn't even know what having bpd means, which is funny, and I explained to him just how horrible people with bpd are, but hey it's the new hit thing and it's popular so it must be cool? yeah whatever. 

Wednesday was somehow even more boring and just bad. Got to class late. Calc test was hard, and got a 6. Graded Gov FRQs, they sucked. 1 on the argumentative essay. Calculated and the composite score was an 80, which is a mid 3, which I didn't really care. Art was cool though, I locked in and sorta made progress. SHE (D) talked a lot, and conversed with the people from her table, so good for her, while I was listening to an ULTRAKILL meme in tiktok about fruit loops, and I have it reposted. Other than that, pretty boring. 

Now let's talk more about my copium. Installing TikTok, I thought it wouldn't be as effective as 2022, but it still kicks somewhat, but not as good as reels. It's easy to get out of it, and not as addictingi as Reels. Comments and community kinda sucks, but the flavor of scrolling still hits. My recommended or FYP is what they call it is filled with ULTRAKILL, A LOT OF CS2, and for some reason Japanese things.. and a little of bit of king Baldwin, which is not as diverse as my old FYP but who cares. Reels still dominates though, but the app is just so depressing. It's funny because it has dark humor, and the comments are just top notch, where they make nods to literally killing themselves, but there's also just suicide fuel and Blackpill content in reels that hit as hard if not harder than shit I see in 4chan, and well.. thanks to the video and music format. 

So, with all places in play, life has definitely gotten more depressing and unfulfilling. It only gets good at times, but the remaining days of the week will be shit. So as of now, my only cope is my iPhone, and without my computer, it made me realize how slow this thing is, and how fast it dies thanks to its small battery size. With them taking away my computer, it's probably good to ask them for a new phone, but I don't really care, and besides I need one that I can jailbreak, and good iPhones with the right iOS version I need are probably only on Ebay, which my parents will just ask why shouldn't I just get one from an apple store. 

Why are my parents probably lenient on me getting a phone? because I specifically chose a low end iphone (iPhone SE) and I don't really ask them to buy me stuff, and if I did, it's like a miracle for them, a once in a lifetime type thing, since I never really asked them for financial stuff ever since I was a kid. I liked to save money, and I still do, but I'd just prefer to gamble it nowadays.

But that was just a thought. I don't need a new one. I still love this small thing that dies instantly, it just feels great, since this is the very same phone that got me through hard times in late 2022, when someone snitched in our GC and got me suspended for 2 weeks in school and made everyone hate me, yeah good times huh. So still have to respect this thing for getting me this far. Besides, what iPhone should I even get? It's not like i'll be gaming or mining Bitcoin on a phone. A computer will still be my primary machine; however, being grounded really pressures me to get another phone instead, but those temptations are so easy to abstain from; therefore, I shall remain with this former machinery from the large corporation, Apple, with their work, the iPhone SE (secondd gen). By the way jailbreaking this thing took me 2 years, because the scene was dead for a while, and I was a complete retard to update it, so I could've literally jailbroken it back in early 2023, but felt like updating, and yeah. 

So in conclusion? I'll just keep scrolling. I'll just keep busting a nut because I'm genuinely depressed and will kill myself if one more bad day happens. Hell, I've already went past that point. I already want to kill myself, I'm just looking for the right plug. That bad day already occured, and things from my side and the right tools are just on the way, so for the meantime, I'll make the most out of life, but if I finally receieve them, it will be the happiest moment of my life.  And fuck God for not killing me in my sleep, so I guess I'll keep going.

