Date: 2024-05-08 19:38:11

Title: Desperation.

If I were title the month of May so far, it has to be the theme of Desperation. Despair, opposite of despair? hope, I'm hopeless.

I let my hormones control me again for the entire school year. I didn't completely aim to improve my studies, but instead, I went ahead and chased HER goals, not mine. I wanted to see her everyday, so I switched classes, just to see her. I don't even speak to her, she doesn't even speak to me. We never spoke for 2 years, but somehow, I still wanted to see her, despite sacrificing both my dignity and potential I could've met. 

But despite all that effort, it has led me back to the very same spot, if not worse as last year. Yeah I have a driver's license now, but what's the point if you don't have a car to drive, so where can you even use that newly acquired skill. Hell, I forgot most of the things I learned during that time, which was four to three months ago. 

It's AP Season, and I'm not prepared for any of them. I just took AP Government and Politics, but even I'm unsure whether I passed, while others say it was the easiest test they took in their entire lives. The MCQ portion was easy, but that was a trick to fool me in the FRQ section. I didn't understand why a committe chairman or whatever affects retrospective voting, all I know is the fact that retrospective voting is about deciding on the past. So I know I missed a point in part C. In the Quantitative data, I had no idea what I was talking about.. I don't know.. more representation for women? I have no clue. In the SCOTUS part, I expected Tinker v Des Moines, I was so ready to compared Frederick v Moore, but that wasn't the case. I was dumbfounded. The Argumentative Essay tore me to shreds, and I didn't have a clue how to survive that. 

This May 13th, I'll have to do AP Calculus AB, then Computer Science Principles for the 15th, which probably won't even matter, because the college only accepts a 5 for that test, which I doubt I'll be getting that.

Other than APs, I still haven't received my gaming setup back, so I've been pretty much addicted to my phone. I thought TikTok would make me addicted and distracted from the torment I have to go through with life; however, that's not the case. I'm still the same person as a few months ago, wishing for a time when TikTok made me different and more creative. 

Desperation.

I read おやすみプンプン for 4-5 days, and I'm unchanged. It is depressing, but it's just another mob of stuff to append in my cerebrum. I do like Punpun though. His journey, his experience, his feelings, it's something I relate with; however, I never related with him finally achieving his terrible relationship with Aiko. She's insane, which was just like him. Despite how it ended, at least those few days meant a lot to him. Someone he loved that loved him back, that is something I myself will never acquire, no matter how hard I try, and he's quite tall, which hurts me inside.. Although in the sex panels, I'd say we share a similar.. structure.. or look.. but I won't expand on it.

Other than that, Edd, yes the retard, the guy I only have to talk to in class, recommended me the App Wizz to "hang out" with people, even though its' main priority is to just get teenagers to date with each other. Since my birthday closes near, and I'm turning into an adult soon, 18, I wanted to try and at least try it with people in the ages that range from 16 to 17. I didn't pick 18 yet, because I feel that once time strikes you become an adult, you feel something, not only the burden, the heavy burden of realization you have wasted 18 years of your life, but the fact that you're by your own now. So, I decided to do that. I'm not a pedophile, but I just prefer that age range, since we fit the same maturity, aparently according to my "parents" who call me immature, and can't even hang out with other people. Fuck them, fuck you. I hope you guys die, but this diary's not about you.

Wizz is addicting. You see thousands to millions of faces every hour, and every ticking hour of your life, you're wasting it bit by bit. You hit your shot, and they don't respond back, depsite of the amount of overly populated filters you put on your selfie that you use for the app, I wonder how worse the outcome will be if I didn't even use filters at all, if they saw the real me. That's how it feels to be living in my life, with my disgusting face, and short stature that screams, I WANT TO DIE.

Wizz has led me to talk to a few individuals, however. One girl named, Sen was fun to talk to.. I guess. We exchanged contact informations, and we still talk to this day, and it has gotten drier each day, because there's something wrong with me. The moment a woman grows overly attached and talks to me everyday, I immediately lose interest. I don't know why. Which is why I'm not as interested in her as before. Either that or the fact that pictures that she sends of herself is just not endearing compared to the ones presented in her bio in the application. I was suddenly.. weirded out, but there was still that one speck of decent look in her. 

yes, i'm being completely judgemental, but have you even read my other diaries? I'm a complete psychopath who hacks people he's attracted to for fun, and grabs their robux and gambles them away, so don't expect much. But basically she just texts me, and I just have to text her back. She flirts.. like a lot, so I just have to deal with that at least. I've jerked off to her pictures every night since we started talking.. I never did that to anybody before. I don't do that to my real life crushes, but something has definitely gotten to me this month.. I've put aside my morals.. my dignity.. A few months ago, I never felt the urge to "do it", because despite feeling "hopeless", I still wanted to save it up for "someone", but now.. it doesn't really matter does it. I don't even care if it's sharing what I look like online to complete strangers I don't know. Swipe after swipe, just scrollling to a million faces. It's depressing. This is what real desperation looks like, it truly is hopeless, and it's the only thing I have going for in life now. Since I can't even use my computer to actually progress my skills or make a new youtube video, nothing. I'm left with nothing. 

Last year, I wished for hope, a speck or glowing beacon of hope, but that's long gone. I'm desperate for any light I could find even if it hurts me in the long run, as long as it's something different, or something I could see from this deep and dark abbyss. It's dark down here, and by the looks of it, I'm not going back up anytime soon.

