Date: 2024-01-02 20:40:00

Title: i’ll attempt suicide again

this year by far has to be the fastest when it comes to destroying my expectations. I already knew this year was going to be shit but I never knew it would get this horrible. 

That rope is not enough, I want to fucking shoot myself, Ronnie Mcnutt style. I’ll ‘an hero’ (record suicide) and let the masses watch, at least my death won’t go in vain, and some will enjoy my last moments. Not my shitty parents that is, they don’t deserve happiness, none of them do. 

If anyone’s reading this, please DM me if you have a decent shotgun and we’ll talk if we’re close geographically, and we’ll negotiate a price, I want to do this as fast as possible. I want to kill myself and blow my head off before the rest of this year decides to be a piece of shit much further.

Apparently you’re supposed shoot where your brain stem is located, I can kind of approximate where it’s located from my head, so it’ll lead to an instant fatal blow and spread my brains out. 

The issue with both hanging and Nitrogen Gas is the fact that there’s a period between permanent brain damage and Death. Once you lose oxygen, your brain will start losing its cognitive abilities; thus, leading to death, but the time period between them can vary, so it’s likely you can get “saved” (send you to a hospital) before you die, in which your attempt will not only fail, but also have to live an even worse life due to long term permanent damages. 

Suicide by inert gas sounds peaceful, and the same goes with the SN drug. They’re ‘peaceful’ but it just takes too long to actually kill you. Even if you’re ‘saved’, there’s a huge chance you’ll just live like a vegetable and live paralyzed for the rest of your life. No one would even think about helping you end your already miserable life.

Shooting myself and blowing my head off on the other hand is quick and always does the job. Although it depends on the weapon and bullet used. Shotguns are more explosive so it’s almost always likely you’ll go out in an instant. A handgun can vary, since stuff like glocks have 9mm’s and they are 95% fatal but that is if you aimed for the stem. So there’s still a risk you’ll fail.

Shotguns, rifles and such that deliver a heavy blow almost explosive. which highly likely kills you, which is our main goal. The problem, however, is the fact that I need a gun permit and needs to be “background-checked” to prove I don’t have any malicious intent. I don’t know how lenient they are in this regard; however, I believe with the shootings nationwide, I doubt they’re that serious.

The other issue is I need to be 18 (i think), which is why I need someone who will read this to have a firearm that’s highly likely to secure my goal, and I’ll pay a decent or generous amount, besides.. I’ll leave this depreciating world anyway, so I don’t really care or want to bother. 

So if you’re out there, help a man out, and your act of mercy won’t be in vain.

