Date: 2024-09-04 22:35:06

Title: Life so far.

the EVS one, i forgot to upload it. Just uploaded it (9.4.24), but I did write that back in july 22, oh how much i miss those days when I had free time. I'm three weeks in college and possibly a month or so at work. A lot has changed. I've gotten better and I mean way better at driving, maybe stable at work, richer than ever, almost making 100 grand on an options put play with SPY puts 560. Oh yeah I've been getting to options trading now. A lot really has happened since August huh. It's possibly one of the most packed months ever, but not a happy or fun one, but it's one month I'll tell you that. It's September now. As always, septembers suck as always, well not if i actually bought the puts and i wouldve made 100k but here i am. Not as broke as before, but still would wish to be richer than your average college student.

I'm still miserable. Hate women. Hate everyone. Use dating apps again. Reinstalled Wizz. Nothing lasts for more than two minutes. Subscribed to Bumble Premium, i kid you not, not a single match, so i refunded. I subbed to Wizz Gold, but it was just three bucks so I don't care, I lose more in the stock market. Hinge, i got HingeX. Got a few matches but none of them aren't great. It sucks, and no one's responding. I hate it, and I feel more isolated than ever. 

August. Let's see what did we miss. Stopped working out and learning japanese, but i did manage to talk to shane again, i missed him, reminds me of the 2021 glory days, we talked a bit about the past, oh just how much i wanted to vent to him and tell him how much i miss those days haha. *sigh*. you can tell i'm really miserable.

I'm richer, but i wish was Richer. I gamble often now, and today i lost 40 bucks, and i don't even care anymore. I need.. money. I want. I'm addicted to making money.

I also want girls, and I'm lonely. I'm 18, and I can't get a single conversation with a woman. I did have good convos for a bit with Eva, a co worker of mine but she's 24. a 7 year gap, so fuck that. But even then, i'm not really interested at all that way. But I am lonely. I really am. Not a single friend yet in my community college. I'm saving A LOT in this college, but It's just not good social wise. I despise it, while everyone who went to ASU or any other universities here in Arizona are having fun, doing raves partying and such. I hate it.

I'm missing out, and I'm rotting in my young adult life, possibbly late teen life working night shifts, going to school, doing homework and gambling on market open. I feel miserable. I feel soulless, like a fucking shell. 

Today sucked, and i'm typing this in school. Did co curriculars, boring as usual and shit. Woke up late. 20 minutes late to class, but that doesn't matter in college, but fuck my "parents" as usual, they don't care or give a fuck what i say. That's why i want a hundred grand to prove i'm fucking built different, a fucking individual they shouldn't fuck with. But yeah, i'm still sad over not placing that trade. Oh how much I could've made yesterday market open. 

I did 7 OR's monday despite it being Labors day. Did a lot of work, and went to work again on Tuesday. If only I wasn't that tired to get up that morning and place that trade. FUCK me. I couldve been so rich right now. I'm so sad.

Anyways. I don't want to go home. I just don't. Dad's gonna scold me like usual. blame it on gaming that i didn't wake up or some shit, even though i haven't used this laptop to play video games for weeks almost a month. I'm tooo tired to play shit, and my schedules stacked with full time work and full time college, so how do you expect me to still have any time to do that. FUck you honeslty.

I'm miserable. I hat e this. Hell I'd love to subscribe to this diary website's plan shit since i can afford it now, and put a header image. whatevver. fuck me. 

Dating apps, nothing. all fucing useless. hell, i couldve spent more time thinking about that trade instead of swiping left on girls that will never acknowledge my existence or even know I showed up in their likes. God the competition is insane, I hate it. Life is so cruel. I don't care that I have 5.7k in my bank account. That's nothing. That shit can disappear in a matter of seconds. I hate this. Nothing ever makes me happy anymore. Not even money or anything. gambling is painful. everyhing i enjoyed sucks. I'm more than depressed now. If I was depressed before, I'm just.. I don't know anymore. Something worse than depression. Pain and agonizing. It genuinely hurts everyday I wake upp. It's like a massive weight crushes you the moment you wake up. I don't know why. I felt this weight crushing instance a year or more ago but it's back. It's here again. 

I just need someone to talk to, hold their hands and possibly just enjoy life together with. During work, I just imagine myself holding someone else's slender fingers and comletely fill the gap on their palms. A sweet little kiss and hug after a long day of work, and whatever sexual intention comes after, i don't care. this is painful. 

God. I know I can never be happy. You are cruel, but I've been aware of that for a matter of years now, but you just don't show any form of mercy do you. Not even a glimpse of happiness. Yeah I'm richer now, but what the hell would i use this for. I haven't even spent my paycheck. My parents FORCE me to buy H&M clothes after every paycheck, but i only end up spending 80 bucks max, because I just don't feel like buying more. All I've spent is Gas and food, and as i said, the hingeX subscription that doesn't work, and wizz gold. and I've completely used all of my 400 bucks from FAFSA meant for books in gambling. It's all in my robinhood account. I can break even, and I know I can, but I don't know. So what if i do. What if i gain 1 grand, i'm just gonna lose all of it inevitably and it's like i just lost 400. I did SPY puts 9/5, so i'm in the mercy of the post and pre market's hands. I don't know. This sucks.

COuld've been so rich right now. If hinge works, i could have a girlfriend right now i could share stories with and just hold hands after a long tiring day. Nothing. I'm purposeless. Empty. A shell. I'm so fucking sad. I don't have anything to live for. I go 60 on 45's wishing I'd just die while driivng after work. I don't even care anymore. I just cut and shit while I drive regardless of my safety, like I have anything to live for anyway. 

I wanna go home. I really want to take a long nap, but that's not possible. my piece of shit retarded "dad" i hate calling him my dad by the way. I don't call him that. I never do. I mentally dont. He's not my dad. Fuck him. Fuck biology. Were not related, my mind says so. We are, wel since no shit, but i just don't. fuck him. I've wished his death so many times since I was a kid to this day. God truly is cruel to not make that come true. Or just stop being retarded and realize God is not real. Well I know he isn't but i was raised to believe in some being that at least i can talk to. PUnpun type shit. 

Anyways. Life is hard having to balance both school and work. It's not easy. So far, high school was still harder, but i don't care. I miss L. I miss her really much. Li. I hope you're doing well in your last year of High School. I know you probably forgot me now. Hey, you have the same teacher as our english teacher back then when you were in sophomore year, remember? haha. Good for you. I wouldve loved that. Mr G. sucked, how much i was a sophomore instead and graduated with you and saw your smile, and having a good senior year. Imagine if my senior year was actually good. Sadly that wasn't the case. I miss you. I really do. And I miss D too. I still think about her from time to tiime. I think about the two of you, a lot. I'm really sad. And I would love yourhelp. Help. I really cant od this anymore. 

im rich, i should start taking drugs. go to the black market. use my remaining robinhood funds and convert to btc, then convert to xmr, then buy psychadelics then get high and just forgte all my problems. Go from beginner friendly to more iffy ones. Just to forget everything painful in my life. Experience ego death and everything nice. Who needs a girlfriend when you can get high as shit and enjoy life. How much I'd love that. 

I'm miserable. I'm miserbale. Misfal;sMIdersbrle. I'm fucking not .. ;asldf

When I die no one will see these. It will remian on this websites servers then once the servers shut down, so will all of these. No opint in trying anymore. I'm lonely, and I always will be. I will never experience happiness. I will never hold her hand. Kiss her, and raise a family with her. Never. I'm too short, too ugly. 

H..]]

you can tell i'm not in a good place. it's getting really difficult to stay afloat on top of this whole thing. i'm tired, both physically and mentally, and it's not getting any better. It really isn't. Everything is stacked against me, and no one can help me, and i don't wanna bother helping myself either. 

Well. Club meeting in a few minutes. . game dev club. another day.

