Date: 2024-04-22 05:53:15

Title: my last prayer. Amen

my mental illness that might be real or not has been taking a toll on my performance. Recently i wanted to bounce back and prepare for my AP exams, until one silly action i did by just searching up a site and accessing it where they thought i hacked into it got me on a one on one with the vice principal. I begged him not to call my parents. He didn't care. Now look where I am. Back in the gutter. For an action that's not any worse than saying fuck to your friends. The consequences outweigh my actions. Again my parents berated me, calling me a failure, and anything that they feel like saying, despite my greatest efforts of trying to be alive.

I'm a walking husk and I'm one bad day from killing myself. I'm back in the gutter. talked to my useless social worker, no advice worth taking. The way she'd just yawn, it's as if she just wanted to go home. 

I've grown more suicidal since the last time i saw her back in October. I've been more ill since then. I was so ready to initiate a full lock in for my exams for the next few weeks, but now my mental health is again in disarray, why even bother. It made me realize I'll just go back to studying. College will not be any better. I've also been not giving a fuck regarding being a lonely piece of shit who will rot away for eternity. but i realize now that without someone, I'm purposeless. 

Everything is  against me. everyone is out to get me, kill me, get rid of me. i can see it, hear it, feel it. No matter how much i want to defend my self. They're right I'm wrong. I'm powerless. I've been born with no authority, nothing to back myself up both physically and emotionally. 

People force themselves to listen to me. everything is transactional. There's no genuineness in my endeavors, but a path filled with fraudulence. I'm alone in my own path, but even the body I'm carrying along the way doesn't even want to stand up anymore. 

Why force something if it can't be done. Isn't it more humane to end its' misery?

For the last few months, I've been hopeful. Hope was my subject or concept to cling unto. Despite how terrible this year would be, something will somehow occur, a change for the better, where things just might get a tiny bitsy better. Of course four months down, and nothing is done, and things are looking worse.

I'm tired.

She lost interest. They think I'm a loser, creep, pervert. A short ugly freak. No one knows this but i haven't looked at my reflection for months. Everytime i see my self in a mirror i look away. if someone takes a picture, i hide my face. My"selfies" are heavily filtered.


I ended up molding my perception to think I'm the filtered image.

my only escape. my computer. was taken away. thanks to that call from they vice principal. so i reinstalled TikTok. My friends hyped it up to be this addicting thing that would help mitigate my depression. so far.. it's not working.
i don't care if it fried my brain or my attention span, but so far it's only been keeping me occupied but no happy chemicals. its  extremely easy to just close it and go back to Twitter which is more addicting or 4 chan. 

My porn addiction has peaked records high. Its the only thing i look forward to every night. I edge and reach up to an hour or two to keep my self occupied. I'm still  striving to achieve the"goon" state. 

in terms off suicide. im searching for fentanyl. it takes an hour to kick in when taken orally. I'm not doing any other procedures for fent. guns are still the quick choice, but the feeling of going out without pain and succumbing to unconsciousness in an instant is comforting; therefore, I'll just go with overdosing in fentanyl. I might just use my  mom's card to buy Bitcoin and exchange it to xmr or monero coin in the black market in tor. 

prom is coming. i have no plans of attending that shit show. 

so for now i just scroll endlessly on my phone with TikTok or Instagram just to scrape off any rewarding chemicals it might exert to my undeveloped and damaged cerebrum.

I'm so lonely in this hopeless dark world that wants me dead. 

there is nothing i can do about my circumstances. every day i get mad that im short. every day I'm mad I'm fucked socially. I'm disabled, in every single way. 

I despise this world. but i despise myself the most. so for this one and only time. God. I pray unto you, please make this my last night, and kill me in my sleep, i want it to be painless, make it quick while i dream of the best and comforting things. If you succeed, then thank you. Amen.

