Date: 2024-07-04 00:26:00

Title: Palestine and Israel.

The Internet is Divided. The libtards who were under the Jews' sphere of influence, such as faggotry. Libtards are homos, troons, and everything to make themselves embarrassing. However, recently they have rose against Israel, and are showing support for Palestine. What they don't realize is the fact that zionists are the cause of their faggotry, the way they live, and everything they were in favor of a few months prior. Now they hate jews and zionists, even advocating for Hamas, which their primary goal consists of eradicating all Jews in the planet, which obviously is insane and terrible, but hey, libtards don't research enough to know that fact.

On the other hand are those who support zionist Jews. Who are "for America", and against terrorism. They're less annoying than libtards who spam your twitter timeline and everything online, but they aren't any better. If you support Jews and their sphere of influence, you want to retain the same faggotry that persists in our livelihoods. You want to keep their control. They control almost everything, but you deny that fact, and suspect it's conspiracy bullshit. You support Israel, because it's an ally of the United States, not knowing the country and its' people have done more damage to the United States, if not the whole western world, from massive faggotry to Immigration. Yet, they're the very same individuals who despise this issue, so why would they support the very same people who caused and advocated for these issues to arise in the western world? It's because both sides are blinded.

Both Pro Palestinians, and Pro Israelites are blinded by the real issue. They don't take more than five seconds to realize their true common enemy. One side despises Israel, because they want to free Palestine, and this thinking is derived from their willingness to eradicate invasive empire-like governments, which can be reflected from the type of content they consumed almost half a decade ago, moments such as the Dream SMP's revolution against the government. The idea of the power being derived in the hands of the people. This closely reflects the very same thinking they advocate for now. Despite the very country they're advocating freedom for is a Muslim country that would despise the faggotry that these libtards promote and are.

On the other hand, are Pro Israelites, who despises libtards who support Palestine, because Israel has been an ally of the United States for decades. Americans also share anti-Muslim sentiment with the still lingering feelings towards them from the Gulf Wars and 9/11. Many of these individuals still see Jews as this oppressed groups of people who had to go through the Holocaust under a regime the United States had fought against. Two years ago, the war in Ukraine had most if not all of us pumped up to support nations that were getting invaded and rights obstructed by bigger more oppresive nations; however, as time passed and living conditions domestically had worsened, inflation has increased, and quality of life has gotten way worse, Americans are sick of war, and they don't want to send billions more in aid that won't contribute to anything, money that could've been spent to aid the american people, the homeless, and our growing Debt Problem. We are sick of foreign problems that should be dealt with by other nations, which is why when Israel was attacked by Hamas, we just provided them the necessary tools to handle Hamas, and they did. We didn't intervene (not that we know of), and let them handle the rest, and now they're bombing the fuck out of Gaza, which is where we are at right now.

You can have your own opinions towards the war, but yes. Israel had every right to attack its "oppressors", but they went further and now want to take more of the middle east, which has caused libtards to go against this action. It's good to make people aware of the issue online; however, with the current issue already plaguing us domestically listed above, many people in the internet are annoyed by the influx of post regarding the issue. People are fed up, and they don't want to see another anti-war post that they've seen a million times since Ukraine was attacked by Russia. With how annoying libtards deliver their message, people got sick of it, because they also out anyone who never brought up the issue. From being annoying faggots to acting as the leaders of the internet and canceling anyone who disagrees with them, it annoyed your regular Joe, which is why many of them have sided for Israel and against the Pro Palestine movement. 

Pro Israelites don't really scratch the surface of the issue, but instead gather information from what they can see, and just find ways to discredit the libtards who advocate against the War in Gaza. Again, both sides have their reasons why they support one side or the other. However, their reasons are terrible.

Pro Israelites exists just because they deem that Israel is an ally of the United States, libtards are annoying (they are), and they're oppressed and have been throughout history (for a reason). The way libtards advocate regarding the issue is annoying and turns a lot of people off, and that very same annoyance can turn them away from actually taking the issue seriously. It undermines the depravity of the issue. They are instead helping Jews get away with Genocide Total World Order. Despite the fact that Pro Israelites advocate for Israel, Israel, specifically the Jews are the very same people that orchestrated what the world is going through. They are the reason we have mass immigration in our borders and in the Western World. They are the reason our games are going to shit, filled to the brim with faggot lesbos and trannies. All they can see is the effect of the situation, not realizing who the people responsible are. They don't look for the cause. They just associate faggotry with pro palestine individuals and move on. Meanwhile Pro Palestinians suffer from the influence of the Jew. They conform to the Jew's agenda of being part of the LGBT and support massive waves of Afghans or Third World Immigrants raping thousands in Sweden, but without knowing it, at least they're fighting against the cause of these tumors the world is currently going through, even though they're the very same individuals FOR it. 

It's like two groups with opposite puzzle pieces that fit what they both hate and favor of. Pro Israelites are against the Jew's influence, but they support Jews because they despise Pro Palestine. Pro Palestine groups are against Israel, but are under the Jew's Influence. Make it make sense??

YOu support the source, but you hate their control and hegemony? While the other side supports their control but depise the source. The real problem that both parties need to realize is the fact that we all have one common enemy. If both parties realize who they're actually against, and fighting for. What controls America like a puppet state right now? making it as if the nation is an empire? The Jews. They control us. The Jewish Political Action Committee has a huge influence in our policymaking, the people we elect in office. They control America. They aren't the same group of people that were gassed under Hitler. They've grown, and so did their influence. They're one of the smartest groups of people that roamed this planet. There's a reason they've been kicked out of the places they resided many times throughout History. They were hated in Europe for a reason. Anti-Semitism exists for a reason. Don't let their looks distract you from what they actually are. Don't let their Huge Jewish Tits distract you from these groups of people. They use their appearance to make you think that what they're doing is self-defense. The Palestinian Conflict didn't start because of Hamas, but it did make more people aware regarding the issue, specifically libtards. Israel has been commiting acts of genocide on the people of Palestine for almost a century now, since they were ever put in their "Holy Land". The Jew is more powerful than you think. Their ashkenazi IQ's are not to be underestimated. Our higher ups consists of Jews. You are controlled by Jews.

Both sides need to realize, the very empire that's causing oppression are Jews. The source of faggotry and mass immigration is by the Jews. Both sides need to wake up, and realize, we are their puppets, and we're under contorl. We need to wake up against the Jew. Of course not all Jews are like this. Some advocate for a ceasefire in Gaza, and I salute their actions, but most are zionists that will take advantage of us. They are smart, and they've been the most destructive race for centuries, and we're getting too comfortable. If you support the United States, fight against the Jews, even if they control most of our system, even if things have to fall, it's essential in order to gain control of our country back. The Western World back. The Pro Palestinian Libtards, as much as we hate them, they're right. Zionists, Jews, they're a problem, and it's up to us to see the issue. This isn't a United States vs. Palestine Issue, this is all about the Jews. It hurts to say this, but. We need to help our libtard brothers and sisters, and together, both right and left can fight our common enemy. The Zionist Jews.

