Date: 2024-02-27 15:51:22

Title: recent

These past few months have been rough, and there were times when I absolutely wanted to blow my head off, and times when I felt like a god thanks to these frequent manic episodes I've been having where I feel like I'm on top of the world. I've been playing nothing but ULTRAKILL and Fortnite recently, very contrary to my usual games that I used to play back in the day where my options were very diverse. I've been very lost, and to be honest the days leading up to valentines day were hell, and I just wanted to disappear, but after that I felt very relaxed and I felt like nothing mattered. While everyone in my Instagram stories were making out, I was just playing my favorite game which was way better :)

Although, feelings of despair and loneliness have surged and go plateau in more volatile intervals. My body dysmorphia has only gotten inadequate over time, and any hope of "the past" .. her..

Hope was the only thing I could cling into last year, and I was expecting this year to at least be decent. Despite passing the driving exam, I don't really have any plans, to the point every day feels the same again, where my whole life feels like insanity. I've always feared this would happen again, but here we are.

I haven't done any of these diaries in a while, because nothing unique has occured recently. And I don't feel like writing these degrading diaries anymore. 

Interesting things did occur I guess the time I was gone, such as me uploading another YouTube video, which was a failiure, but I enjoyed editing that one. Gotten more addicted to Fortnite, which might seem fun right now, but I don't know in the near future if it benefits me in the grand scheme of life. Still having fun with ULTRAKILL, despite of the lack of updates, P-2 is always there to be fun, and Cyber grind like once a month is also nice. Passed the driving test, and will be getting my license soon. 

It's not really as bad as last month, I'd say February is pretty good compared to other months. I just know March will be terrible, since Marches seem to always suck. I'm on occasional high and lows, where I wanna study and destroy exams, and times where I just wanna sleep early, which is great but I get no school work done; thus, making me even more depressed when I realize that I haven't done shit to be productive. 

If only I had way more time. I can't utilize time properly, and if only it were designed where I had more of it. Where I could pack everything I needed to do, such as sleep, study, game, etc.. in the time I need and want. 24 hours isn't enough. I need more. Way more. And I have been wishing for that for years.

One thing that I'm waiting, however, for is the ULTRAKILL iron side gaming PC giveaway. Despite there being 400k+ entries already, and I only have 97, and will have 100 tomorrow, and only 2 days remaining to enter the giveaway, I'm still a little optimistic. I know I won't win, but moments like these are the only things that give my life worth, because imagine.. 1 in 400k, and you win, just how lucky are you. I have gotten golden Freddy and shadow bonnie in my games so I guess my luck can work sometimes, but I'm just wishing just this once. I know I won't win, so I don't care, but I'm so desperate of anything to look forward to, that I'm clinging to cheap sweepstakes. That's how dry my life is.

I have no social life, nothing. I'm empty. And that's why there's been nothing recently. because my life is empty.

